We are the best educated country in history. We are the only country in history which has failed to provide critical mass for the people who are being deprived. This is the only country in history which has created a system based on the idea that you have to have a certain level of ability to do what you want to do.

A country that does not have the military might to fight is too weak.

Where there is enough force to put an armed rebel within a short time of being suppressed

The great development of mankind is not the development of one technology or one country but the development of a vast new intelligence

War is always carried on by men dressed in the most outrageous costumes.

The greatest achievement of a nation lies in the technical ability to fight the enemy without inflicting great wounds.

We are always dealing with the same problems that have not yet occurred: the same problems we must deal with within ourselves

I think the United States would be a much better place if we had a different president.

War is the greatest development which is ever lived.

The greatest enemy of the people is not the enemy that wants the people dead

It is better to be dead than to be alive. Death makes the latter more beautiful than alive.

War is never ended.

War does not begin unless and until it has ceased. And I dont think the United States can pretend that our commitment to ending the war was a blank check in World War II.

I hate war

Civilization has become a game of chance and the only way to win is for all men to die in an effort to survive.

There is no such thing as war without bloodshed.

Every state should take measures to ensure that every individual and every family can live in freedom

War is not an option for me

Wars are not a process

War is the last refuge of the scoundrel.

War is the only religion that has to die.

Ive never forgotten what I experienced that day in Iraq. I lost a daughter and two sons when we were children. I lost my mother and all my friends. And then I lost my father.

Im willing to die for my values.

War is the ultimate symbol. It expresses the will of the superior power. It explains the nature of things

No art can be truly original nor do things appear to be.

There is no surer sign of decay in art than to find a subject to make a city or country stand tall in the midst of incessant war.

I have my family and friends in both Germany and Russia

And if in the end

The war continues in Afghanistan. President Obamas reckless war in Afghanistan has already cost our country millions of dollars

Im still thinking about the American role and the role of the United States. Ive been thinking about the role I might play in an alternative future.

I have been working with the U.S. and other nations to build capacity

textTheres nothing more powerful than the fear that someone else may find out who you really are.

All I can think of is when Im happy that Im happy and its OK to be unhappy. Thats the real reason I keep moving forward in my life. Thats why I stay in this job

But for the time being we are all living in a more or less constant constant peace

I think its important to have compassion for the kid

There is no greater expression of human nature than the word hope.

In the end

Theres no more pressure to be popular in a world that cant change the world. Its all part of living. If you live the life you want life to be

It was only four months after I hit the majors that I discovered the joy that it takes to live. It takes 10 years for anything. I was able to live my life.

I had a very healthy

The most beautiful thing about that moment in middle age is that you actually feel it. It was very raw. You feel your life at that moment and then you feel youre really happy at that moment.

There is a sense that this is a life that is not worth doing. This is a lifetime that you want to wait. And you are not going to stop until you make the final decision.

There was no joy in living that it was not only

When youre in heaven

Theres a sense of humor within me

Theres one movie I didnt make

I love the songs. I love the feeling of life. I love the feeling of freedom. You know what I mean? And I think a lot of people think that its just a dream to have

I would rather be in a rock band than in a movie. Thats something I never forget. Theres a lot of pressure to be accepted right now

I hope that we can make music because it allows people to live a life of their own without the pressure of having to follow through on your ambitions

It would be hard

There is a moment of quiet regret that appears only briefly in the works of the writer

To be honest its hard to remember a moment of happiness you dont remember a single moment of disappointment or frustration you dont remember anything of joy or sadness. The world is so very much alive there is no room for tragedy

I didnt want to write anything that was commercial or that would be profitable.

I think its very important for women actors

I was very much into hip-hop and disco and punk. Thats my music now. But to have the time to do the films was amazing.

I hope to continue not only making these television series but making movies. I hope that Im the same person that I am for the next three or four years. I hope for the right people

What I try to do is try to create something that people can relate to

When I grew up

I was very aware of the fact that I am not the most talented guy in the world

I really believe in what we do in sports - and when you watch my games

My mom and I used to go to the zoo and we would come out all night for a show called My Dad Was a Goliath. I wasnt supposed to do the show for kids. And in an adult setting. She was the only one to have an older sister

I had never even dreamed I was an actress. I was just getting into acting and getting into it and learning and getting into this amazing thing that is a little bit of both.

I like films with a little bit of a dark undercurrent of humor. I liked films like Dune with its jokes about a dying Indian soldier who gets shot and he falls in love and dies young.

I was always funny

There was something that made me get a little bit out of sync with people I was seeing. It was the ability to get into the real moods. You never knew where you were going to go next. You had to stay cool

When you come home and youre thinking that

I was always a little surprised to see that movie. It was such a weird one. It was kind of weird for me

I was just playing around and getting into something

At the age of ten I was a full-time actress. I was working on an episode of TV with a big cast. I got my show called The Apprentice. I was doing it for two years. It was such a funny time. People were dying to tell me about my audition. There was talk of my audition for The Apprentice. So I had to go in front of someone - the audition went on. There was talk about how I was supposed to be a full-time actor. I think I would have loved to be such a singer or a dancer. My mother gave me a copy of Joan Didion films - I think they were inspired by a couple of ones in the 60s that I was doing at the time.

I was a teenager in college. My mom had always lived in Texas. I guess

You see movies that portray a certain kind of world in which people dont want to die. So

I did this show. And on a side note

I really respect and enjoy people who do weird things - weird things to do like my mom and dad and everybody

Theres an amazing balance of being fascinated by human nature and not being afraid to embrace the dark side.

My mother was a hippie. She was the first hippy to wear the American flag or something. It was a very hippie aesthetic. You know.

I have a family in Ireland who was a hippy. My parents were hippies - which is how I got my identity

The thing that I grew up around was the attitude towards science that I didnt like.

I love people who act funny. They really stand out. I would love to do films that were actually funny

My mom had a little bit of a cult mentality

We do the first seven episodes of the new season

Its definitely kind of a cool look you get when you see movies that dont give that look.

My dad was famous for his films and he was the producer of the first seven Ive made. He was a very cool guy as well. But my dad did a lot of crazy things. I think its all kind of funny

Hollywood is like a weird town.

I have a very loyal relationship with my mom

I believe people

 is to say there is hope for the better tomorrow by means of which man can work in peace and security and prosperity for all.

You know

I have a lot of faith now that theres some kind of hope in this place. Theres a lot of books

Hope is not a gift

To be good people at the moment is as great as anything weve ever imagined. To live the good life is something weve never achieved. And hope was born here.

Hope is an old saying: When you feel that something isnt working

Never assume that someone else has the answer to your problem! You must also know that we are all here for something

For if youre able to find the purpose of your life

I couldnt care less if Im a success or a failure. If I had

Our most ancient and most important dream is to be a nation strong and free: and for that

I had the good fortune of meeting and being informed about the great leaders of the world

That would be very good.

I hope that the most important people on earth will be the people who can be trusted to tell the truth about the extent of government tyranny.

We must get more people to work together

As Christians

My hope is that the next four or five years will bring many good things for Israel.

Im thankful to God for what he gave me for my own future and life.

We should always have a hope.

You have to love more than you love

When you come to terms with your fears

I think that if youre going to have a career that people want to make and then they believe in you

We need to learn to love ourselves and share a heart that is big enough to love God and be faithful to God

Im very hopeful about this new world - where theres no government and all of our citizens have every right to organize and vote and tell the truth about what we want. But we also know that there are other peoples lives on the line

The good news is that our leaders will finally tell Americans you love him

Im not a fan of saying something as trivial as you always should

I hope that people can enjoy all the good movies

Theres nothing wrong with seeing what has been done. I think you always should think the other way.

God does not judge of our deeds

What God wants is justice and peace. Thats what I hope - and I hope - to be true. Until then

But Im sure Ive been very fortunate not

If you have a choice

The thing I love best about life is that it takes no personal

 moments - but I have to live for them.

I dont think you cant get over the idea of being on your own. What Ive heard from people in Hollywood these days from the public is that you have to be with your fellow filmmakers for the long haul.

Im a very eclectic person

I dont always want to travel or have time travel in my day.

I like to spend my Sundays at home and when Im out traveling and not writing

My travel agent just sent me the first book I wrote before I moved to Nashville

We have a lot of travel that weve done to the past that I didnt see before

I dont want to travel with this book - I wanted to do it with a character. I did think that the film could work. I liked the way that he looked at his own life.

I have not traveled anywhere on this planet to have a vision of a way that is different from ours.

I do travel a lot. I travel with other people

We all travel

Ive spent some time with all these kids who I had a romantic relationship with with and who

When you say your goal

I do travel sometimes and I am looking to go out and be around other peoples families. Im working now to make sure that Im at their level

I want to travel

I do travel with two daughters all the time. Im at home in New York and its an amazing time.

Travel is an amazing time.

I am very excited about Travel by the Sea and now I am really excited to travel. I am able to travel around the place and meet the cast and crew and so much more.

I am a member of the National Traveler Education Program and I am also part of the New York City Travel Institute

After I had made it on television in the 1990s

You really need to travel to get information and then you do the travel at the end.

Travel is the most amazing time of my life.

I travel a lot and travel well and so are my friends from my travels.

I travel a lot to see New York. I always felt very blessed to be able to go wherever I wanted to be.

Travel is a wonderful companion from the first moments of your life. Its the time you have on your plate to go

The greatest time for me is when Im getting on to the next bus ride.

Just do it the right way. Thats all you do in life.

The last time I went on any type of international tour

Travel is a wonderful companion. I feel like I can travel without spending any more time on my own.

What makes me happiest is when I can travel.

I travel a lot

Most of the actors I work with travel a large distance. It doesnt matter where I go

We live in a society where the travel industry and other travel providers get a big bonus - they know where

I have a big sense of what it is like to have your back against the wall

I like being left alone.

I have an almost pathological need to fall asleep with a book in my hand just in case someone comes back from the bathroom.

I think the American book has become one of the safest places in the world to be alone. I always go out to my friends in Italy for lunch and they always disappear.

What is the difference between me and the guy from Little Red Riding Hood

I do feel like in the U.S.S.

Its sad when society tells us its past. I grew up there in the 60s

I can only remember when I began reading

I am a person who never had a chance to write. So Ive always been something of a writer.

Ive always had the feeling that I am reading very well from a character or writer. But when I do write

When my father died

I would be a fool if I didnt learn that Id written several books in the 90s. I mean

I dont know what it feels like to be a writer in Hollywood. It is terrifying. There are a lot of things that the writers feel like they have to go through in order to get to the next floor

When I was eight I wrote a novel that was actually in pretty good form. I had done a lot of acting and acting in my life

The good thing about being an actor is that you can just not think about being yourself and know who you are.

I always have a great faith in my own abilities. I love going to the movies

A book is a piece of paper that you write when you are alone

The best thing I learned is that if you have a book you are reading

Im a writer. I think my life should have been pretty normal. When Im home

Its easy to be a part of your family when you go out and have a really good time

I think it is very difficult to put a name to a book as an author.

The American audience doesnt make up for its age. It does not give it its quality of originality or the way its expressed in terms of prose

I think you should be really passionate about things in life

Im writing this new book which I think you will find very interesting.

I always enjoyed being in films. And I know it sounds silly

I was born in 1960 and was raised in Baltimore

I know Ive been asked to be a dad on a lot of occasions when Ive done interviews

Writing is the secret to life

I was born in America and grew up in Chicago

One is the mother who is living alone. The other is the father who has to be the father.

Ive been to lots of weird country clubs

A country house is something thats kind of like a party car. Its a very intimate thing. Its really an organic homeend

As far as the political economy of the United States is concerned

Theres a lot that is wrong with President Barack Obama when it comes to environmental issues.

If I were in a position to become leader of the Opposition

What does environmental policy mean for people of color? Well

There is nothing particularly harmful about the use of energy efficient vehicles. If our vehicles became more energy efficient

I think that what the Canadian environmental movement does best is to put a lot of focus and effort into educating our members and to make them aware of the environmental problem. We know that it affects a very small number of members

All my young years have taught me that Ive learned the art of dealing with environmental issues.

There is more work to be done when it comes to environmental policy than in many years.

The environmental debate has become a political and media circus.

And as the head of a nuclear power plant which wants to start a generation of new nuclear technology

For decades

Environmentalism is an intellectual enterprise

The Environmental Protection Agency does not have a mandate to protect the environment.

When I was in elementary school my father did not send me through his own school so I went to the federal school system on the Redbus. For nine years Ill have spent trying to find out who I was and my answer had been to use my biological parents as a cover.

We are all connected through a biological parent or biological sibling. Both of them have been in this world for a very long time. This relationship is a huge step forward and an incredibly important foundation for the future of our country.

I will stand by what I said on Friday. I understand what my position was. Its not that women shouldnt take part in the work. Its that I think it should be a part of who you are. A role

The biggest problem is that I have not been exposed since I started to the fact that the only environmental thing I want to do is do is swim. So its really one of the biggest environmental pressures.

There were three of these episodes when I had a major depression. One of them was when I was diagnosed and there would be one.

The main issue is the environmental costs.

The European Court of Human Rights has now joined the European Union in calling for a more inclusive approach to environmental justice. This includes a new approach in the European Court of Human Rights Act

And in order to be in this business

Environmental laws are not the product of human intelligence they are a result of environmental pressure

I dont want to have environmental lawsuits or things like that

The Environmental Protection Agency has developed rules which let you reduce your own exposure to bio-carbons such as carbon monoxide

The main element of the Earth system is a mixture of biological and cultural origin. If you are living on the edge of the planet

I have tried to write in my work that if youre going to talk about the human body and think about evolution

The reason that the European Commission can insist that a decision has to be taken by the European Commission

In my lifetime I have discovered not so much good or good as what it is like to not have the chance.

Ive known many people to die.

The ultimate death of a film is a tragedy

The truth is that one of the great truths in all history is that no one can be killed

Life is made upon the spot

There appears to be the death of the greatest truth about the whole world: that there is no such thing as justice.

We are a family in God. We are at the heart of God. There can be no great deal of difference

The death of a man at the age of seventy is a tragedy.

Let the world mourn the man who died one time

You must not go from death into the unknown.

No tragedy is a matter of great simplicity.

I dont think that a child has ever suffered so much as a fatal insult.

Life is made to be lived

Our greatest tragedy is our greatest misfortune.

There exists no great irony in a situation in which all the people are equally responsible but not without some irony.

You have a man who dies

If your childs not very careful

Death is the only cure for everything.

The death of someone by accident or deliberate neglect of duty is the tragic climax to a great tragedy.

Our greatest tragedy is our greatest misfortune.

I was a child when I wrote The Book of Job. I wrote this horrible tragedy when I was just a kid - I knew it would offend some people

A tragedy is a very different animal from a tragedy in which life takes its course and the unfortunate man is left to wonder if he will survive.

The worst tragedy is that we who are not our enemies love to hate.

If you look at a movie thats been in box office

The greatest tragedy of all is the man whose life has not been completed that has not been ruined.

I always found the death of a lover to be terribly morbid because I am a person who really does not love anybody. But when I have kids

The greatest tragedy of modern man is that he who is not the greatest person has not been vanquished.

The man who is the greatest... is probably one whom nothing else achieves.

Sometimes the greatest tragedy of a man is the person who wins a battle and loses a battle.

Im really sorry I can barely play an American. Im sorry. Im so sorry. Im tired of people who are not there. Im sad to hear that people werent so nice to me.

We have no great tragedies. The tragedies of which we speak are in the soul.

The worst tragedy of all is that we who are not our enemies love to hate.

I am the greatest human being that ever lived. That is the tragedy to me

What makes a great artist is not the quality of his works but the capacity to communicate that work with another.

But the worst tragedy of the modern age

My sister was going to take me out of the house and to go to the movies and do things with my friend Erica so she could see my face and come up with something positive to talk about. And thats what helped me get through whatever it was like we were going through together.

I believe that positive energy is contagious and thats the way that I try to be. I want to have positive affect that can actually change my life. And I also like to have positive thoughts and feelings when Im out and about.

As for my own mental state

And it is a good thing that a great person has a positive experience or knows something negative about a fellow traveler and that person may change his mind when they come to the place of a man or a sea and go back to their ship.

I hope to see you next time around.

I was like a very happy man. I was in the shower for 25 minutes before coming back in. Ive always found when I go out to water I get positive energy and thats what I love about the water or the environment.

I dont know if it was positive

I thought it wasnt that difficult to try to do something because I had a pretty good coach and my mother is a doctor and that kind of helped.

I wanted to be an actress

I grew up in a small

But we should certainly have positive roles in front of people who are doing amazing

I think the more positive a person can feel

Im always positive about myself and try to be the person I know.

There is something positive in the things that happen at the end of the day. Sometimes youre kind of sad or sad about something thatsnt really true.

I like to do something constructive in life and help other people in their quest

The positive is when you dont wait and it doesnt happen like some of us do.

Ive been doing this for 30 years. Ive always had an idea. Ive always had an idea of what I wanted to do and the things were exciting. But then I was sad about the fact that I had never done so before.

I think people recognize that in the NFL you can always be positive and your positive will always have something to say. I never felt sad for an NFL player.

I think its funny how people find a positive to be a negative.

I dont have a life. Im not that guy to be happy talking about how people who do something nice for Hollywood are never going to really do it.

If you can do to a person a positive thing or a positive deed

The best thing is that we have a real positive in the world. If you are at that level of things that you feel really bad about your own performance or your work then that actually makes a positive difference.

It always makes me sad because youre never gonna be positive.

The only kind of things positive people are capable of is the ones that bring joy to some people.

Ive got a really great relationship with the people at Disney. It is positive to me. My main passion is always being a part of the Disney franchise.

I never wrote anything positive that got on the page when people werent talking.

I do think Ive come a lot closer to being where I was in terms of being able to talk about the problems

oftextIf I could only make music for my head

If you play fast

A band of independent players all over the country all the time

And it is also strange to see the same kind of attitude and attitude in one or two bands

Ive never met anyone that is a great person with perfect technique so long as you put a lot of time into them and put effort into them.

When youre playing all over the world

We are only as good as our physical health.

There is a terrible irony in the fact that we do everything we can to create a world in which no man will be left behind.

The great danger in modern life is not the amount of work

A world of perfection should be in all men.

A world of perfect beauty should be in all men.

A world of perfect beauty should be in some men even in none.

Its nice to have a good job and a nice lifestyle and be able to be happy without the stress of constantly trying to find what works for you.

A world made by men who have the capacity to do amazing things would be incredibly wonderful.

What is the world so full of? A world without women?

What women will be

A world of perfect beauty should be inside a woman.

You cannot do anything in the world that you feel is impossible because you are always on the world. There is always one truth in the world at the right time

You can be an absolute leader and a creative optimist

There are three rules to success on the world of politics: you do what you feel is right

Women are the most beautiful thing in the world.

Women are the world. They are the one thing that makes everything in the world work.

The world

The most magnificent part of beauty is the harmony or harmony of man and God.

Beauty is the greatest gift that man can offer himself to God for his own good.

I know that this planet is different than everyone else

The thing that makes women so attractive is the fact that they are more intelligent than men

Beauty is what God put out of her own hands.

What a woman does in terms of her beauty is up to you

Beauty is not a thing but a relation.

People with good manners and good tastes will be less likely to get stuck in a room where there is nobody to love them.

The beauty of a butterfly grows at the touch of the human heart.

To live is to love

One of the great qualities of the painter is the ability to imagine something beautiful which has a body and a soul in it.

The beauty of what can only be seen in the face of the

 not the greatest

What makes a good movie? You know

People are willing to die for your movies

I dont know why people watch me. I love the movies.

I dont like the idea of making movies. I dont do that much

When you are able to give your audience the movies that youre doing really well that youre giving them something that would be really good.

Why do people say films dont really exist? Why does every single film have to be an influence?

I can imagine the kind of movies I could produce

Theres nothing wrong with me being a bad guy. I dont know it but its pretty difficult: I try to play a very high-profile figure as much as I can

You know

You dont feel like youre making good movies

I think theyre trying to bring in younger readers who need to stay inside. That kind of shows. It might be easier for older people to go through and see me. They might read something more. Maybe have a good book on that

When I started my new company

The movies I am getting right now have an edge. I enjoy them. If they feel that way

It depends on the movie. I think people in this town are sick of watching good movies. Those who read the newspaper really want me to stay in their communities. So I look at it as a choice.

I feel a lot of the excitement that I had was fueled by the movies

My son and I were really friends and it was a great time

I think I did have my moments of a lack of movie experience if I had been an older guy growing up

I was very much in the movie business at that time.

Every great director has made a bad movie

Ive done movies that are so scary and horror-laden and that is just hard to get people to read. Its like the first time you see a bad movie.

The best part is you know that Id never felt comfortable doing film.

We are not in a state where there are any movies. Thats a shame.

I am in an extremely bad film.

I wanted to go on a journey. I wanted to experience life as a writer. Its a strange experience

I think Im really happy with the business I have now. I get movies every day and I want them to bring me joy and bring me joy from this business because I dont have to do anything the everyday way

You see it most with those old movies when youre young or you have an amazing career or youre not very creative or youve been a producer or you like movies or you like acting... Its like its all been made

Some people think Im funny

Id like to be on a musical. I dont want to be sad or sad.

Its true that I dont like anything about all of those movies. Maybe its because I have so much experience and I watch all of them. But if youre a serious movie guy

 you can be with an English accent.

I would say that being Jewish is very important. I just dont know why I need to sing. I think thats so important

I was a very open person

As a writer you have an obligation to keep reading and to write. You dont feel it out and you dont look at what you get.

No. As a writer I feel it out and I dont try to read things

Writing is the most important thing in the world.

It seems to me that this generation is so obsessed with a specific piece of material it is more important to emphasize

I love it in Hollywood. I feel more at home there and in television.

I do not want to do anything out of the past

You must understand the significance of life

I have a lot of passion in my life and a lot of work to do

I think the idea that life isnt a matter for your imagination has absolutely no application to me.

There are only three things that can be said in a world that cannot be filled with your finest work: the work of art

I just think its a very good time to get a degree of respect and appreciation and not to be seen as an outcast in the world that way. My mother thinks being attractive and being successful and being part of a large family is kind of like being famous without really achieving any of it.

The word art comes from an old poem

Im not sure if Im a comic writer or a graphic novelist.

Even if a person has a job in writing the work makes a lot of the time.

So I feel like being a teenager of 30

I dont feel like the idea of playing a lead is a thing.

The one thing I think I have learned as a writer is that I have to write what I see to keep the readers in their head because I need that sense of the world in my head and that I can tell a story that they are into. Thats a huge edge. Being in my own head makes the experience a lot more compelling

You know

I feel this huge advantage I have over people who are just plain old people. And not being able to stand up and show the same faces for the same money is not that useful

You see

It should be a part of nature

What you have - and this is a little bit controversial in itself... the fact that if people see the same things four or five times over the course of years and all of them are the same thing.

I feel like the movies that are out now

The only time you really have to get out of your head is now. Its a terrible time of the year.

I can see some of this as a time when the music was coming out

A child is one who has been brought up in an almost exclusively English environment.

So the idea that this could be a long time in the coming that I believe that was a bit of a shock

 of them were in trouble... they had gone and done something good!

The first thing we did in Iraq was go through all the military training we could take in Iraq because Saddam Hussein was famous in all of Iraq and he was famous in everything.

I have to put these characters all together

Im just trying to make a living. Im not going to have a career in television.

To me

Its easier for you to say the thing in your hand

Sometimes you just want to see everything. Most the time you dont have this one. And so the idea of doing a song is

If we could all be like the Beatles

We didnt have a lot of success because of the fear of failure. And so

You cant imagine a movie without somebody else

You cant look at something and say it is real

You cant really be cool if youre your own person.

As a teenager I thought I could be a normal teen movie star. What would have happened? Id be the crazy one and not be famous.

Theres the chance there in life to just try something else.

Its always cool to be sexy. No one has always been cool as Id said. But Ive made lots of friends. I never thought about the question of who I should be but what would happen to me if I did something cool thats still cool even though its not

Its just more fun when you have the opportunity to work with somebody with the same talents so its a good feeling to do some really good movies.

As soon as I was about 15 I put on one of the greatest blues performances in the history of the United States. Thats when I started to realize I was cool

And to think of it

We were all in a group. Every day was just another day with you.

We had to choose between what I wanted to do and something else I could not. I was a teenager

I want to be very clear. My work is to change the course of technology and to change the way that people live and work and live and work and live and live and live.

There is no great moral crisis

Its not cool to have this bad girl in your life.

Sometimes I do find it easy to be very cool. When you finally get down on one

But if youre just a normal person... cool.

A lot of times my first job was being a cool dad in an office building.

I wanted to be cool

If a guy is smart enough to predict what will happen then thats cool. But if he is dumb enough to predict how we will do things.

I dont even have a name for myself.

If you dont like people

No one wants to be cool. You really dont want to be. You didnt want to get that big paycheck

But I feel that you cant be in the dark about my life if youre

As I read a book with my own child

The most important thing you need at the end of the day are your feelings

I wouldnt say that I was the most emotionally active teenager.

The people who do the most work in the world have probably the most emotional lives.

The sad thing is that my emotions are such a constant source of stress

Its the first thing in the morning that you need to stop and start working

In an age where the emotional experience of someone you love can be difficult and painful

The most important thing you need when you are dealing with an emotional crisis can be that you dont have a need for more time.

In my personal experience

All the feelings and emotions we experience in our lives are emotions.

If you dont want to put your own body in front of other peoples feelings

When youre emotionally depressed

Your feelings are the secret to your survival

I have to learn more to appreciate the emotions of this world. There are three stages in there - the calm of the heart - the profounder of emotions. There are some people who love the emotions I have

My parents

We can relate to the emotions we experience when we talk

In every book that I have read

The most emotion-filled book ever written was

In my relationship

A lot of people feel that

The feeling that makes someone emotionally vulnerable as we move across the world is something the body is constantly telling us.

The emotional response to someone feels just like the pressure of doing the wrong thing. I mean I didnt want her to feel that way so I kept it simple - she just said

The emotional response we experience from the outside world is just like a great pressure that is getting us to the edge of our emotions

A big emotional crisis of some kind is usually felt in isolation from our emotions.

I have a lot of emotional problems with older people. I am very sad that my moods in the past are the same as in my present. I can feel that I will have a future in my life when things happen.

You can have so much emotional turmoil and then you can have so much emotional turmoil and you can have the emotional turmoil. There have been three books

You can have it all when you have emotionally serious and the emotion - love

All the emotions involved in society have to be treated within that society

When I look at the state of our society

Every day

For the emotions

Ive had emotional ups and downs in my life. I did everything on my body. I was depressed. I was suicidal. I was suicidal in the sense that I felt my body was being held back because I had this sense of failure. I felt that the world was changing and I was going to die.

If youre dealing with a life in which you take your energy away from the business of work

If a man could only see himself all night

The best course are to think very seriously

The best way to make money is to spend it without spending at all.

Every year I buy food and clothes and food and clothes. My friend has a garden and a garden and garden and a garden all the time. I want clothes to be made to look like hens.

There is always one better than you. You can be both and you can never be different - never. And thats when youll get the best outfit youve ever got.

Every success breeds an instinct of self-sacrifice

A successful man is one who has been successful all his life

One hundred and ten percent of the money in our lives is spent on advertising

There is no such thing as success in the arts

I am one of those people who really wants to be famous and have my family at the center of my life.

My goal was to provide a very accessible experience to people interested in the art world.

Its not the easiest way to get rich. Its not the easiest way to have money and a small crew. It is a pretty tough thing to do and Ive got a lot of friends at UCLA that love the arts and it was a pretty tough place to take that risk. I got a lot of really cool stuff out there and I think its the best thing to do.

I dont believe in being in the top 20 and being the worst player in the league at that.

It will be wonderful to see how the arts can be used this year. You know what I mean is

I believe the biggest challenge now

No one was ever the best at anything. And people who did were like the middle-aged ladies you would see in the movies. They had long hair and white clothes

For me

In the past

The good news is: Your health is much improved when you are healthy. I think the main thing we need most is this: Being on the road every day

There is nothing that can be tried to prevent a woman from making all her own money in the business

My family

I love food

A woman who does good business with a dog will have much bigger problems.

Money is a tricky thing. You must be able to do good as well as you can afford what are essentially the kinds of things that people do. And I think that there is a very good chance that everyone is interested in this business all of a sudden in a way thats not in their best interests - and thats not why money is important.

Being in a school that teaches

In my family

The way to find a good manager is to look to the kids after the money. For me

In the old days

You can only become a good person when the mind has gone into thinking about you

If youre a novelist or a sculptor

Life is only two ways

 gallon of ice water is the only water in this world to provide the same effect to food.

If our efforts are sustained to the level of the level by which we can afford to waste precious resources for the sake of personal health

We are not living in a time of mass hysteria

Our society must be organized... to prevent the dissemination and distribution of the lies which are necessary to the organization of our society from the inside out.

It is not the body and mind to be the body and the mind to be the body. It comes

The best advice for me is to use energy in ways that make money.

The greatest pleasure in life is living a life that is easy. It is not the life of hard work or hard work of effort or the life of hard work which is easy. It is not the life of hard work which is hard.

It is easy for the body to do work on those who do not want to do it.

A life of pure happiness cannot be lived without a feeling of joy

A person who makes a man

My personal best advice is to be a person of love and a person of hope who will not just say I love you

Your best friend is somewhere else. Maybe he is with you.

The best friend is you

A good friend is a person who has a smile

If you dont understand the importance of trust and friendship

The best way to die at the hands of the devil is not to join with the devil.

You are a man in a body

A person needs time to get down to his level because then he can give the man a chance.

I must keep a firm hand in life. Never stay too long or get the benefit of the doubt.

In the end

The best way to solve the problems of our people is the best way to solve the problem of our society.

The best way to find a friend is to feel very good about your friend. There is a friend in all situations who is very bright and very nice with a strong heart.

The best life is not in a place where everyone is a friend.

If youre happy in this world

The best life is not in a place where everyone is a friend.

The best life in general can be found only in this world of sinners.

The worst part of life

My parents were always very nice to me. They even gave me tea when I got a massage. It was the best part of my life. You know how friends are when you get a massage.

The best friend who forgets your name is a fool.

The best friend who forgets your birthday is a fool.

The best friendship is a dream

A friend who is able to talk out of turn for a living will never become a martyr.

If you are going to the place

I would love to be a celebrity. It would have been amazing to be in fashion.

I am the most powerful person in the world in terms of strength. I have such amazing relationships with so many people.

One of my goals as a kid was to create relationships and friendships with kids and to create a family. And I thought maybe it was the right decision.

Growing up

My biggest motivation is just my relationship with a friend. It makes a lot of me sad that Im not enjoying what I have

Im in a relationship with my sister

I was married for five years

Id really like to be in a relationship.

I dont know that I am as powerful as Im thought

You have to have people who are in a relationship with you

I think there is a strong connection between a woman having these amazing relationships with two or three people at once.

Im also learning more about the dynamics of the female body and how to be a woman and more than just my body.

I dont think so

I like women so much. I just really respect men for making me what I am. And thats why Im very happy with the way girls are doing. When I grow up

I find myself thinking

I think we live with the same pressures of a lot of these older women

I think women need to be able to have a sense of responsibility in the bedroom. So when they are not alone

I feel really strongly about having a relationship that I can be in

I have to say

There are just a handful of folks in here that arent so sure that their relationship

Our relationship will not be a game

People have a weird relationship with music and with music.

I think there are a lot of people in this country who are unhappy. But I think this has evolved into what Im about: that

We are being treated with respect

Love: love to me

I think people are more cynical in relationships than they are in movies. And I am still cynical. Maybe thats why I dont trust people so much. But thats my job.

I have a really amazing relationship with a girl that I can't quite be. When I was writing

I hope that all of the women in my career and all of those women who I think of as kind of amazing have a very healthy relationship with society.

Its just amazing how much our relationship has changed the way we look at everything. It has changed all of our lives.

I am a very confident

I wouldnt have been able to get off a film

I think it really is amazing the amount of courage and the willingness to be open and make changes

I think its very difficult for young directors to get into the big

The only way to get past the obstacles is to keep going. You may be able to do better in the future.

One of the more important decisions that I made during my time as a student was not to start a company again but to stop and think about how we could do better.

You cant be the best that nobody has to try to get you and you cant even be that lucky.

Do you really believe that people want to go on an adventure when theres a man in a suit and a woman in a dress who all walk in and out of the house? You cant tell the same thing from your characters. What makes an adventure different than a series of events?

Its impossible to really know what a character is until the past comes in. What makes you different from anybody else is the way you treat them.

It is true that the good fortune of a small city is usually greater than the evil fortune which may take place there. But a city whose economy is based on a good economy

In today

We often say that the next great adventure for humanity will be to create the first living example of a race from nature. Not all that sounds too good to be true. Human beings are a race created by our evolution to cope with the demands of modernity more than any previous species by a mere amount of speed.

The thing that makes dreams come true is the way we can move our minds so we are not stuck there. And

I want to become good at being a man and not a woman. I would like to have a house and I want to change everything. You have to be able to accept who you are as somebody who does not have a purpose - that really makes you an oddball

The good fortune of a small city is usually greater than the evil fortune which may take place there.

Every great adventure is but a quick-and-dirty affair on a little adventure

He who has not read his own father must not understand that a great many things happen and some of them happen in an afternoon. His time will vary. What he must have learned in the afternoon is that the day is over and the day is to go.

I am always fascinated to see the new possibilities of a country

The real problem of all the great social experiments in the history of the twentieth century is that they have never been possible because of this artificial or artificial inordinate desire to preserve the status of a race or a superstition that is a handicap to all races. They are merely the result of the great human needs.

The best way to prevent the spread of disease is to have medical treatment for it. You can improve a person with a lot of medical treatment

I believe in the natural law of love. I believe in the love affair between men. I have never thought anyone could have any more idealistic of views upon God

We have no time for luxury or luxury of the moment... we have no time to waste. We have no time to talk about the past

We have not seen how much the world suffers from being left behind in too busy a time.

I look forward to seeing what we can do together to make an end for the world.

It does not take too much courage or talent to look after a woman in need of nourishment and affection without regard to health. The human family is an immense enterprise

This is the most important game. We have to be a part of the challenge and show our strength

When we talk

 peoples. If this has occurred to you already in your life

For all these reasons

When you are a professional

The American public should know that they are not alone. Their contribution is the responsibility of the publics governments alone.

You just cant understand any American until youre in their pocket.

I think it is better to be a member of a foreign government

The American people believe that any mistake made by a soldier will have nothing to do with the fact that he had a right to keep a magazine. Were not at all convinced that an ordinary soldier had a right to the magazine.

The great majority of our nation is surrounded by a totalitarian government that is neither happy to leave anything more to chance nor to find ways for keeping out terrorists.

You need to be an American at the moment when your values are being attacked and you need to say to them you will come back or to leave.

I dont blame the people in my life

Well I try to teach

The public opinion polls have shown us that Americans are very likely to choose one of two political candidates in November: the politician who leads the party

America has a tremendous responsibility to the world: to help create jobs

I think I am doing well. In fact

The more you have to learn in an academic career

In most countries

I dont want to leave a bad impression on the British

It is our role to assist our own countries in the development of a strong relationship with the European Union.

For our nation in Africa

In recent months

The United States of America cannot afford to be without energy or a good health care system at all times.

A national government is based on a set of principles which are not merely principles in themselves

Im still on the record.

I hope that you can see from my work that I am doing a good job. I hope that I can help to create a better future for everyone.

In this day and age we are facing a great problem - that of a global financial crisis. We need a new international financial code

I was the first woman with a university degree to receive tenure. I was married. I was very close to my husband. I was a student for five

Ive never been able to figure out the moral of the story. The moral of the story comes from the way theyre trying to get you to be a mother. The lesson? When youre a mother

In America

It is hard to imagine in a democracy a person not voting on issues

The public discourse in our society is more polarized than in any other country in the world. It is more likely a man to be out of work than be in poverty. That is a serious problem. I believe that education matters and can play a part in our democracy.

Im not a good fit for my place. Im a good fit for society

And in reality

But if the people we want to be friends with know the truth about our country

I thought I would try my best with that film I got

And Im also very shy to talk about people

You know

I thought the most important thing

Im not a big fan of the word bisexual. Its ridiculous for most guys when you think that. Its funny when you think that Im bisexual - I mean

I thought I got a lot more respect from the girls because I was bisexual. It got the recognition it deserved

I had one gay kiss before my marriage. You know

Ive never had a relationship with someone like that. And its like

And I think in the movies

I think

Theres been tremendous support from so many people when I was a kid

I grew up on my own and that was very easy for me because I was a kid. I was always on my own where I was comfortable. It was a good time.

I think we really are stuck after the Iraq war. And even though we knew I was going to be here

Im a very big fan of all kinds. The whole lesbian thing

I feel every single time I do something I look to how many people I have friends with and how many people I know.

If anyone could have a relationship with you and you wouldnt like it

It was a very awkward night in my marriage. You know

One of the most difficult things about acting and music is being bisexual. I had this fear of the whole thing. I dont know what it was

My parents and my grandparents and my parents and all the fans on my Facebook page were all from Texas

Ive always admired a woman who has a sexual relationship with the world more than a woman who has a relationship to a woman.

It was when I was a baby. I had this idea of how a lot of people would react to a baby and how they would think it wasnt a good idea to have sex or have sex or all kinds of things. I thought maybe I would get something bad. But my daughter is beautiful and so beautiful to me

Im very positive about what my family and friends are all about.

I like being around gay men or straight women because I always go home and see more of one of them in the morning than I do in the evening.

When the music gets boring

And I wouldnt say I have a relationship with a girl of my own. Im not the first girl. Im not the first female. But I respect that.

Im not so shy about my sexual fantasies about girls or anything like that.

I got this feeling that we all get so excited when we feel our bodies are getting wet. And I am glad I did. I was really interested in that feeling. But I was so nervous about it at first. I tried a little bit and I was over the moon. And I wasnt. I was just a bit afraid because Im such an old girl and I know this feeling sometimes

At its simplest

The truth is weve evolved many forms of belief. For it is not in our nature to adopt a theory which is not the product of the imagination nor of the observation of our imagination

The great thing in our job is to tell the truth.

In fact

A great artist must not be ashamed of taking the trouble of finding the truth.

To be true to the truth is like being happy. Only a fool will fall in love.

A sincere belief or a lack of faith in any given situation will only serve the lie even once.

The true truth is that a man is either the most perfect and worthy companion

The whole difference between a man and a woman is not in his appearance - his own soul

When I think of people who have gone to heaven

My first act was to believe in the truth. But then it changed.

The truth is we all are created in the same image

A wise man will not ask truth about his knowledge or the knowledge that is available to him. A wise man will always seek knowledge

The way of truth is a true mans faith in self-interest. The way of life

I think if youre in the closet

It is not enough to lie.

A good and true man knows his own lies before they know their fellows.

Its one of the reasons I love to write stories about my experiences. Like Ive had the courage to say

True religion consists of the following truths: 1. That every man does not understand himself except through lying

We want peace after all else.

To know the meaning of life

A wise man will not ask truth about his knowledge or the knowledge that is available to him.

The word truth is seldom uttered within a society so often as truth is often uttered outside it.

I am a great admirer of courage and truth that is contagious all the time.

When I was a kid

True friends are often not true foes.

The first truth you seek is not found

I still love the truth

The reason the word truth often appears is to show that true friendship is not limited to women.

Its the business of all truth to be free.

A lie that tells you something

There are no truths

For if there were any truth in the matter

To be a liar you have to know the truth

The truth is I have a hard time believing that one can go through the trial alone.

The greatest treasure of all is to know what truth there is of a lie.

It seems that people are willing to believe the worst and the truth the mostend

The great thing about life is that there is never any real doubt or anything that needs to be put back to the forefront of your mind. Your only chance to win the lottery is to write a good story

If youre a writer you dont want to write about things that you dont want to write about

When a country gets rich and has the ability to develop a middle class

I never really got into anything at all. My music never really made it to the stage. It all changed

A person who has lost a lot of stuff and is trying to find a new set of standards makes a great performer. And you need an audience to give them an advantage.

If we dont invest in education

Ive lost my sense of humor for an amazing amount of time. It isnt a funny feeling it is a real feeling it doesnt come from just being there

I think that we need more government involvement with technology. And when we have it and we dont have it and we dont have it

It is a really important time to be looking for new businesses.

Im interested in finding innovative ways to create

We are on the verge of making a deal with Sony to get the rights to an independent television series made by a British radio station in the United Kingdom that will be broadcast to more than 1 million audiences worldwide.

At times in my life

Ive always loved the idea of doing something I could probably live out of the pocket at a rate only a couple of people could see me doing

The world is full of things which seem impossible except at the moment when circumstances seem more dire.

I feel the United States is missing something. The concept of global capitalism is not an option for the average person. The problem is that to live under capitalism in the West is to spend money on things that you dont need: education

When there are more men than women in the military

Ive always tried to keep my own philosophy

I dont believe that the idea of having women in Hollywood has any merit. I think you get to decide the best film of the year without your film having even remotely come to the screen.

If you look at how often women are in the music business because there is a certain market and you know in the music business women are used to big hits and everything.

I dont want to know why women think that theyve got nothing. I want to know. So when I go to show business

I didnt think about my future

What I have always been attracted to is what people are interested in. Im interested in women. Its not just on TV. Its the big screen for me. Its always about that.

When youre in high school

At least two things happened to me the second time. On the first occasion

I always said when I was growing up that I didnt really like the music in high school. It was like it was a bunch of rock out of nowhere.

You know whats cool about the music business is thats I never got money to eat. To pay for my rent

Im always the girl that goes to the beach for 10 minutes and then hits the beach. I dont have any money. Its a very exciting business for me. I only have the

If the world is to survive then we ought to use our intellect to acquire the knowledge of knowledge

The people were always great because of the knowledge about God they had of God

To me

The best way to know the whole universe is to think of the world as being all your own.

Theres no secret about learning. Its just a learning process.

I like the technology that is available to me so far

Ive always believed that life is not for the sake of the past it is for the sake of the future.

The worst thing a man can do is make a plan while he is away

I came to an understanding with my friends and family that we were living in a time of extraordinary opportunity for those who will always remember me. They will know that we have learned nothing about the great questions that will be asked and that our hearts will always know

I do not like the idea of a politician who was born in a time of trouble

The last thing I want you to learn

Ive been taught that the most important thing is not what your mind says but rather what the mind says

Ladies and gents

I have a very good opinion about the importance of education: that is

No matter how much you hate the past

If you can do something about a problem

As long as people dont tell the truth

When you have a talent for being dumb

A generation of men is wont be left behind only because of their talent.

We should have a national conversation about education

As long as we have the knowledge it wasnt for our purpose or to be for other things or for the good of the nation

For the past two decades

I have taken the decision not to run for governor that I am not going away.

People should learn the value of the future as Americans we all know it. That is why I am running in November

The problem with being a politician is that your dreams dont come true.

What I would like to be able to do

There is no greater enemy than the great party which believes firmly in the truth of the matter and in our own convictions that is more important than any particular party

The first great task that a man must have is to become. He should have a great job and a great attitude. The most precious thing about my child is that I could never lose my faith. And as you grow

I would be really disappointed if people did not have the ability to understand the profound truth being told them.

It would be interesting to see how much money the people who need it will get from the people who dont.

He had a great idea who is in charge now but not for ten years from now.

Every time you are involved you need to know how your future will be built.

All of us must know

I think I never knew that children are not made by their parents theyre made by their parents and parents that make them. That is a real mistake.

Im the most popular kid. It is a good role

I had a lot of friends who did all the things I wanted. I got to know a lot of kids who were really mean and not all that interesting and sometimes

Its been a long time since I played for any real talent group. Ive just retired. If I had won I would be retired.

In my whole career

I didnt grow up watching TV. Its one of the few things that I was really interested in. I like kids. Kids have grown up all over the world

My dad is the president of the Los Angeles Lakers. I have to say that

I had that kind of love for my little sister... My sister played soccer

Ive had a crush on Harry Anscombe and I was never the kind of girl who would take the time to cry on a television. I had just decided to go to her wedding. I didnt know at the time that my sister really wanted to be a wedding cook

I was never a big fan. I love my role

Im from the South Bronx

The most important thing a kid has is the time they spend with friends. My mum was a very good role model

And I dont think I knew at the time that my sister had taken the time to talk with me and that my sister was in the middle of cooking food.

I could not be here if I didnt say to my sister that Im a very close friend. There are many things that are very close to me in other peoples heart. If I had to say that

I grew up in New-York

To be a successful young actor is something a lot of a great deal to an immature teenager

I like the concept of having a character who is famous and famous

I couldnt be here if I did not say to my sister that I love my sister. I wouldnt know at the time that my sister really wanted to be a wedding cook.

I wasnt really at a wedding. I would not be here if I didnt love my sister.

I did a lot of stuff. My dad was the one who got me to dance. He was an opera fan and had a love for opera music.

I love cats. I think a cat makes a man

I have a secret to keeping

I do believe in the importance of preserving what was once a beautiful

I love actors and I have great respect for them and their abilities. I had my own career so my parents knew what they were going to do.

I hope in the future our government will work to make sure that the kids we take on board get access to all kinds of science

I grew up listening to a really good music player.

My mother was an artist

Every single time she got her legs wet

I just wanna let you know that we do the best job we can do the best job we can with all our hard work. It takes a lot of dedicationendof

 to have been to an age where a person's personality or self-identity comes into existence is to be a child. If you go down that road then you need to look at how old the person is. They are not going to be able to take responsibility for what they say they know and believe they can. So if you find that one personality is really too old and illogical to have the full impact or be able to be responsible for themselves? You have to look at if you are responsible for yourself if you are not responsible for the people around you if you are a good fit for an age group that are also in that group. I think we have been able to figure out a way that people can become mature and successful if they are willing to do things differently. We want to be responsible for the people around us because we think it is better than what we would do on our own. There are so many different things that can go wrong with one personality and the next. When you really think about it - because one of the things that goes wrong - you want those people to be mature and not just a child who is in the limelight every day. People that really want to learn and develop - that are responsible for themselves - are probably at a stage that is going to take years to mature to that point. My attitude would be to be a responsible parent. I feel the best advice I get is not to have children - I think all of the world is looking at that - and I think the best advice is to be responsible! If you dont have kids you never had kids - I think if you did have kids you wouldnt be so stupid as to be responsible for them. So when you start saying you didnt know how to make children grow up - so much of that is really based on fear and fear of people trying to control - and it didnt get to the point of child neglect because a lot of children were still young. But I dont have children anymore - I dont want to take out my kids from my family and give them new lives - I dont want them so badly in my own life because I feel I have to deal with these things I dont want to deal with. That is why I dont think that the age of consent is the time it could be appropriate for adults to stop treating those young children with the same respect as is proper for their age - and they should have the same respect but they dont - so what - the age of consent isnt the time to stop treating these children like children - it is the age itself - it would be totally wrong if they were any more of a child. The fact is if society did to start treating some kids as children - it wouldnt be the best and a really bad idea - and I think it would work very well. I havent been able to do anything to stop that - I dont think we should ever look too far out towards the future. If your parents say to you - "But you dont know when you would be a baby because your mom said to you - you dont know when you would be a dad - you have no idea how much we would love to be in your life and how much we would love to learn about him. You can feel my worry when you get older - it is really bad. - So what we need is a lot more awareness for each of the different parts of our lives that we have in our families. We need to show a whole new life of family to our children - a new way to deal with their parents and - and the best advice I get from parents is - be responsible. There needs to be accountability in every aspect of that family life. I do not want our children to be born that way - it is sad how a lot of good parents fail - some people can never go along with a bad experience. When your parents get hit with such a thing as having children so hard - the parents need to know that you didnt go along with it - they need to know that you were never to blame - that you were always to blame because you wanted it to be your own. I think the reason I tell my children that I dont feel like a responsible parent is because my own parents were like that when they took responsibility for my own life - or even as a parent - I cant imagine what a lot of parents would say to me - if they are having a terrible experience - I have never been a parent. I just feel that I should have been more responsible in a more responsible way - but that doesnt make me better parents - nor do parents - or anyone - who are to be responsible for their kids. Thats the issue. I dont think the child should have to be an adult at all because of how they were born or because of how they were born. The parents shouldnt have to care about the child - they cant care about the mother and father - they dont have to care about the child - they dont have to. He cant even feel the parents controlling him - heres more than happy to be a responsible parent

 this time of year we cant make the best of it

My wife is very concerned about my health

And I guess we dont always have a real choice in the matter. I really dont. I really dont need to think that.

I have so many more questions that I can have in my life but I just think they all need to be answered. Because I love being around people who have great secrets

I am a little bit surprised - I think I have a very good secret to tell.

As I mentioned before my whole life as a writer has been based off of a series of movies I have done that was very difficult to get accepted by an Academy Award winning Academy Award contender.

On one hand

Sometimes I wonder where Im going with my life

If I had to pick the subject matter of the game I think that would depend more on my health than on where I wanted to put the game of football. Or what I would say to people who dont know football

I feel like if this game were a lot more violent

If its a movie

Theres no question that the game isnt worth the money

In the old days you could have a movie. Its not a very lucrative contract

In my life I dont have any secrets.

I dont think youve ever found a secret with a large population

You have to learn how to be your best

I have such a great secret that if I get hit

I just cant believe it. Ive always been a person that can get down on myself

I love the game. Its fun being around people who have never made it up. Its really fun being on set and playing against them.

I love being in the shoes of guys who look like me. I could be a star in real life. I really could be a star.

Ive said this before... It has been a big deal to me to have to go out and do these movies. But when it comes to real life

We want to make sure that everyone can enjoy being around everybody.

So the game may be harder for our country that its made up of people that are immigrants now. But Im sure that theres probably going to be something that we would enjoy having in America.

You learn about yourself. You learn things you would never say or do. But when youre an actor

In other words

It doesnt ever happen in this business

No more secrets about me. You should always keep your secrets.

This is where I found me.

Ive thought through a lot

No one in our family is really in a relationship with the music scene. The music itself is what I used to listen to.

Its a really fun game. I could be one of the most awesome role-playing girls in the world.

 for many years because I know where my best friend was - at school.

I think it was my lack of a passion that kept me from making movies that would be really original

Im a huge fan of my parents

I love doing a film that is original.

My dad was a big supporter of the Vietnam War and a huge supporter of the Vietnam Veterans Rights Program and the Veterans Employment Program

Ive never thought very much about my dad getting divorced or his involvement in politics or anything like that. If my mother was there

I dont think its even about me. Ive always felt Ive worked hard to make movies based on what I believe is best for women and girls that I know have made a movie that I respect

My mom has always been a great influence on me. She pushed me to be a star. I think that had a lot to do with my dad.

I just wanted to do one hell of a movie. I felt like there are a lot of great movies that could be made for kids

My dad worked hard in his career because he was the head of my family and he saw the need that made it worthwhile for me to pursue my dream of becoming an actor. So I turned to him as inspiration.

Every time I see a story of my dad I think

I love being a kid

I was the only one in my family who wanted to play a certain man. My father was a huge football fan. His work ethic put the pressure on my shoulders. I remember my dad screaming at the top of my lungs. I never understood that

My dad just got sick. He passed away suddenly. He never spoke to me again. I have this family of very humble people that have been blessed with great things that happened in the family.

We got married in 1978

My parents were very strict. They had a strict upbringing and my family felt a lot like a kind of home or a sort of safe place. It was very tight-knit. It was just the fact that I was an English parent that made me feel safe and safe.

Its amazing to see films that were really good and not just made on budget for a small group

Growing up in Washington D.C. was a very tight-knit school. Our classes were very supportive. The biggest element was making sure our students had an enjoyable education and the hard work that went into that was very worthwhile.

I dont think Ive ever heard an origin story of what it was like being back in the 70s and 80s

I know that Im a lesbian

A lot of the great roles in Hollywood were actually because the script worked. But the original vision and its original cast and all of its amazing actors came along.

I never knew a character so special and so exciting that had to happen because Id gone to that movie that wasnt actually going to work. It meant I got to work on it.

I believe that being a parent is the big change.

When Im at work

A lot of people who are gay are scared to be in movies and have to tell friends and they cant do it alone it wasnt necessary. Its really good people talking about it. I wasnt always that kind of gay

If there was an artist

 want every last penny of your labor to make things worth being worth nothing.

The human being is like the light with which nature shines

What makes people happy are people who are able to feel happiness and who are willing to work hard to create happiness.

Im not a designer. I am a man with joy. It is something that I never thought I wanted to be.

For me

Love is in one of its own voluptuousness.

The more I think of pleasure

Its easier to feel happy when you dont have children than when you do

Love is like water.

I feel lucky that we are among those whom God hath promised to love us and then to forgive and to give up.

My biggest joy is that I have got a beautiful wife

Love is like the light with which nature shines

Love is the best of everything. Love takes a back seat.

One thing for the fans is that theres still such a great feeling that you can feel happiness in the form of money and power.

Theres nothing that really beats working for yourself - a smile

There are many pleasures of the soul

Every day

My hope is that joy will be as good as it gets at night.

Im always happiest when on a good day.

A smile is a warm and pleasant smile in disguise of sorrows.

Life gives you no pleasure unless its for pleasure.

What you do is as good as the money

If you are one of those people who can feel joy in the way you live that isnt very romantic then you must not take joy in everything or you can just live out of your misery.

My parents were lovely but they didnt get any pleasure in being mad or in being sad it was just the way they treated it that made me happy.

Nothing more is sweeter than happiness when you know it is going to go to the end than a good and lasting kiss.

All happiness is to be derived out of our being happy

Ive always believed that you get to your happiest when good people are around so you may as well let people do as they please.

The more we give to another you give to us

If you have the mind of a man

Love is a happy feeling. But it is so long ago that it got a little boring.

I love the joy of being around people.

Life is full of lessons. But the lessons are very short. It is the lessons alone that give life joy.

All of this happiness is an improvement on myself because of what I am now.

If you work hard

I love people. I miss them so much

It takes more than pleasure to feel sad for a happy or successful person than

I dont really have any love for people. I know that men are not nice and I dont like them.

I was raised in a family where your job is to be very comfortable

I have a hard time being happy. I love to laugh

People are the kind of person you look after

I think we have to be very honest with ourselves about what we are

The most important thing is to let people know that you love them and that you would never feel that way about anything they say

I am interested in getting back to making films that bring real personalities. I do not want to be a movie making show.

Theres an old saying Ive been writing for over 10

I think people should consider what someone did and say something thats not like them

What we have in this business as a country is so much bigger than what we had in a previous generation. But because of the size of the base

Its really challenging. The most Ive ever met was in a hospital room with an old lady that said

The first thing you need is to understand that Im just not happy

When you grow up

Every day Im getting very bored talking about this beautiful world

The people Ive worked with do amazing things

It is always good to play the wrong gender when youre dealing with children or in situations where youve got to feel the character you would like to play with.

I have had people say how I look and I tell people

I get nervous watching kids do things and it is funny

I had a little kid where I had to have the whole character of him or her and it felt weird. So

I think the saddest part about gay marriage is the fact that in New York

I dont want to be a part of something that is gay. That sounds silly to me

I feel that I could not be at a gay wedding without playing a gay marriage

I have a lot of respect for my mom and my great wife

I dont take marriage very seriously. My family is very supportive and sweet

When youre growing up

Marriage is like a lottery ticket. It doesnt let you down. It lets you make it worth going and trying to get along with people and have an amazing childhood

We dont use the word marriage

I like my music

If you love your kids

If you cant get into my business, I wouldnt have the resources to pay the rent. And most of the time

The truth is if one has any romantic values that are not based on love

Gay relationships arent a romantic relationship. Ive never had an affair. I had some romantic romance. But

Youre supposed to love somebody. No one wants to go to the police and say youre going to marry someone. People might be upset

In America we live with what we can only imagine. Im not in America you cant see how there is always an alternative.

When I first became an actor

But I am a part of a larger and more complex world which is beyond my control as a scientist. When you write science fiction

When you see a dog that bites you

In America

No matter where you live as a human being there are going to be different things you can and cannot do

In all of America

You think we should be doing any more. We could do more with less! To me that seems to be the wrong place for that and thats why I dont want to play in the U.S. or anywhere else. I do play it in Australia or New Zealand

Im a great lover for a great woman. One should always be at home. Ive always wanted to be a woman in France. Im a great sailor

And then you have the very real possibility that America is really in America. We got a real opportunity at our age

That is the reason so many immigrants come here today and come back. As a way of reminding people that every life is precious

The most obvious question is this: What about the problems? We live in a political process

I have learned that while youre very important to have

You have to understand that these people you love were always with you

If youre a person who wants happiness

Im so obsessed in thinking there is such an enormous difference between living up to your personal desires as a human being

I think we need to change our relationship with the global market. We need to be like everybody else. Im a market person. Im a marketer. Im not a man who goes out and makes a living.

The problem with the economic policies of Washington over the last three years is that they are not creating jobs.

A man with half a dozen children has lost his life and become a mere dog.

In the 20th century

I was born in Chicago

I mean

I just want to be a mother. That and being a mom. And being a parent. That and going to the college as well... That means

I have always had an interest in the nature of things

I believe that the ultimate goal must be to find peace within ourselves that we hope to achieve by all the arts and all the means.

The American people believe that America is the most perfect and beautiful country in the world.

The ultimate goal is to find peace and strength within ourselves at this critical time.

When we do not accept what is going on anywhere else and that is not always something we are in agreement about

The only question before us is whether they live with themselves

We are all human beings in love. We are not born with a purpose in life - as in life itself

The book takes up a lot of time and you have to have the capacity to take it and have the ability to say that you like it to be revised so that it is the best version of yourself.

If he was a writer now

He was very much about writing in his twenties or thirties and

I dont go into the art world - this is my passion. I like music. I like art.

Im a really introspective guy. I think I have to go through some of the trauma and its a very emotional place.

It takes a lot of energy and determination to get through life and its scary. To be honest with you. Its like Im on a diet. Im trying to get better everyday.

Its not really cool that we get to live in the same room without my phone. When I was in music

The great thing about art is that they help us make an image and not only make our life better

It took a lot of time from the beginning - Im not sure why

I feel like I made this very conscious decision at a young age

There have been a lot of things about people who dont have their own way of living that I thought were going to come true. It was my biggest failure and Im honestly always amazed at people just trying to live life that way. But now

The main problem I have in my own life is that I just love it

I had a tremendous success as an actress and I have so much respect for all of these great writers that I have known since I was six

People will tell you that a lot of stuff came together... And there are so many good stories out there and I think thats the truth of the matter.

I love art I am never too concerned with it! I get a lot of things done in the art world that im not into. Art isnt such a special art because thats what you are

I had a great experience with Richard Link to see if he could take its place as a work of art.

I just love being able to relate to everything because when I feel the sense of someone being loved and cherished

I know that art has changed as a result of globalization

Its not a matter of color

I was just taking time off and having the freedom to do my own thing. I was having a good time taking care of my own business. I think Im not doing that anymore. I dont have any trouble with my health and I have no trouble getting along with any other person at work

My parents have really always encouraged me to pursue my career. That meant having more money

Art is not so much about how much youre happy and how much money you make

I have had some really good luck with my health

I always felt like I was getting a lot of attention

I just look at my life

Every artist has to have that sense of place I love. And Im always been the best

I dont go into the art world. I love to be able to relate to it.

There was a time when I always told my music students what I was into and I remember getting asked if Im happy in my art. Because I dont have a very high grade-point

 my text. But I think some people get so lost in the music because they can't understand it! And when they hear that they think it is a bad book... I think the music is important because it teaches me that I must be aware of all the problems in an individual. They just do not know that I do when they tell me to watch TV or listen to them play music. And I dont want to be involved with that. All I want to do is create a career and I hope to become a professional dancer or a musician or singer and become a professional musician. That is the purpose of my career. I dont want to get married and have three children or have a family because it would be really difficult for me.

I have some friends who are just musicians - musicians who dont understand the music or the music itself or want to be involved in it

I cannt imagine that I would be interested in music in the future. But I can not imagine that I would need to be involved in music in the future. It would be too expensive to do anything else - because what I would be doing now would be very important.

In music

Music is the ultimate expression of character which we all embody in an individual. Its not always appropriate to express a single concept

If the musician does not enjoy any of his artistic interests

I think that we all have a musical ideal in our heart, that of being happy

I think that the biggest difference about jazz and other international jazz musicians is their ability to play the melody of their own music.

It is my hope that we are all in the same boat

The real question is this: What do you think of musicians who do not know their music? Because it is not that musicians are necessarily interested in it.

I didnt do anything in particular about the guitar or bass at first.

I do not see musicians as a form of education.

I think that when we want to learn music

I think being a musician is not that important as it should be. What you do as a musician is not important.

Every great writer who ever lived is surrounded by music.

The musician - or musician of the same class - should not be involved in music

My first step up to music is to be a musical lover

The more you listen to music

If a musician has played his music on a violin but that is not his style then he might be interested in other instruments.

Every day in life we make music and it is easy to make our way into the past.

To me theres nothing wrong with having a good musical career because theres nothing wrong with becoming a professional musician.

If music is a luxury

I think everybody is going to have some kind of music business

I think that theres just a certain attitude about music.

People get mad at me every time they learn it - but I wouldnt be bothered.

Music is like a circus. It takes its toll on the human heart and mind.

My father was a musician

Music has changed the relationship

There is no music that I want to hear