 suspended at the airport after being accused of trying out for a politician

Political Animals is a thriller drama about a politician's life style and ambitions. It tells the story of a young politician

The story of a woman who for 20 years has been a housewife trying to achieve her dreams of being a successful author. In the end

After overcoming poverty and a difficult childhood

Cha Woo-jin (Oh Ji-ho) is a neurosurgeon in his early 30s. He graduated from Columbia University with the best grades and completed his residency. On the recommendation of his superior

Yeon Woo-jin (Kim Tae-hee) is a genius with an IQ of 200 and dual-nationality—he is a student of Chun Ji High School and the principal residence of KK Media. Due to an injury his parents paid to have him studied by a neurosurgeon

The story of two people who first meet online and soon develop a relationship when they meet in person but then separate after a misunderstanding. Later that same day

Set in a fantasy world

Baek Jang-mi (Son Ye-jin) is a student at Chun Ji High School where she was raised by her step-mother and grandmother. She has a crush on her fellow student and neighbour Park (Kim Nam-joo). She repeatedly confesses her love to Park

In a place far from the town lived a boy and a girl. The girl's name was Liu Kang-joo. Her grandfather and father were selling traditional wine to earn money. They produce their own wine in a small shop. The boy's name was Xu Jun-bin. His parents

When 17-year-old Lee Shi-kyung (Sung Hae-jin)

The series tells the story of two criminals who robbed a bank and escaped with the bank's help. They meet again five years later

Kang Poong-hyun and Lee Shi-kyung once again end up in trouble after learning the truth behind the disappearance of their classmate.

John Lee

A love story between a man who remembers every second of his life and a woman who forgot her painful past to live.

The story of a woman who lost her memory after undergoing plastic surgery to assume another identity

Mysterious incidents are recorded in the Annals of the Jejujitsu Dynasty that cannot be explained through science.

The story of a woman who is kept in check by a rigid appearance law and accepts any punishment inflicted on her image. She is vain

The series tells the story of two people who first meet online and soon develop a relationship when they meet face-to-face but become separated after a war with the Chinese Republic. Their loneliness causes them to write songs together. The series is about a king who is unfeeling and arbitrary despite being told he is stupid and dangerous. He is also a vampire. The fictional Chinese republic is named ""Eagle Heaven"" in his honor. He loves to fly and gets hurt performing stunts but he is a skilled flyer and he is not a singer. He also has a large hearts

A Korean university art history lecturer (Lee Young-ae) discovers the long-lost diary of a historical figure

Min-hyuk (Choi Minho)

The theme of the series is ""Love is timing."" Lee Ji-eun (Hong Soo-ah)

The story of a man who cannot believe his luck

) (aged 13-14) and Kim Saet-pil has been his best friend since middle school. On the day he marries Kang Min-jung (Kim Hee-ae)

Run On tells the love story of Kim Sam-soon (Kim Sun-a)

Nam Woo-jin (Lee Young-ah) is an only child. Her parents own a mid-sized construction company

The series takes place in the twilight years of Goguryeo. Military general Yeon Gaesomun wants to go to war with the Tang Dynasty

When the god of the Land of Water

The series tells the story of Detective Baek Hong-suk

For the past seven years

The Cursed is about a teenage boy who has the ability to bring death by using names

The story takes place at a time in mid-Joseon period

A string of murders brings together a conflicted detective

Yoo Hye-jung (Park Shin-hye) was a headstrong girl in high school with a prickly

Around the time of late Joseon Dynasty (1392-1910) when hierarchy between nobles and slaves started to fall apart and riots were common among peasants

Set between the 1960s and the 1990s

During the Joseon Dynasty

As a virus with a 100% fatality rate spreads in Seoul

After 50 years living in Hollywood

Following the mysterious death of an elderly priest

Set during the reign of King Injong

Prior to the series' timeline

Tae-Pyeong (Ok Taec-yeon) has a prophet like ability. When he looks into someone's eye

The Gentlemen of Wolgyesu Tailor Shop is about a Tailor's shop that has been handed down from father to son and is about 50 years old. The Grandfather is desperate to keep the Tailor shop in the family

Detective Lee Da-il (Choi Daniel)

The story of four individuals who become involved with each other during a legal case.

The battle between detectives who try to reveal the truth and those who frequently cover it up.

Born as the third prince

Kim Man-deok was born into the noble class—her mother was a haenyeo of Jeju Island; her father was a high-ranking government official who met Kim's mother during the time he was exiled on Jeju Island.  Kim's biological mother

The Great Seer begins as a chronicle of seers

The Great Leader

The series tells the story of a warrior king of Baekje. Under his reign

The fantasy will take place in a world where creatures suddenly appear and begin dragging people on earth to hell.

Genius profiler

 bright and handsome

A man

Moon Seung-mo (Eric Mun) is terminally ill with cancer and wants to live the rest of his life without treatment but is forced into the hospital by his beloved leader Eric Mun. There he meets Yoon Eun-hye (Kim Ji-won)

A love story between a man whose life is turned upside down after he accidentally becomes the father of a twin girls

The story of a group of youngsters being pushed into society and the people around them.

Popular culture contains many jokes and innuendos. For instance

Chan Ga-young is a very shy

The story of a woman who goes to a trip with her family and encounters life changing event and falls into a mysterious trap.

Bright and optimistic Korean is a person

Jang Dong-san ( Choi Hee-hyun ) is a kind loving wife who breastfed her twin daughters when she was a college student. She later gave birth to a son and a daughter. When she was 22 years old

Han Ji-eun is a kind and gentle-hearted nurse who does not suffer fools gladly. She is a kind person who is truly dedicated to her family and her patients. She is also a bit cold

A rich brash

Kim Ji-oh (Kim Ok-bin) is the son of a concubine who serves time in prison. He is a college student but takes up part-time jobs and also sells ddeokbokki in order to clear his father's debts and to take care of his younger siblings and grandmother. During a robbery at a burger shop

Anchorwoman Seo Hye-rim (Go Hyun-jung)

Yoo Bang-hee's (Park Hee-von) Prince Charming is teen idol Choi Hye-Seong (Lee Ji-ah)

Sung Mi-soo (Uee) is a cheerful

Oh Hyun-jin (Uhm Ji-won) is terminally ill with cancer and wants to live the rest of her given life without treatment but is forced into the hospital by her husband. There she meets Yoon Jung-hyuk (Lee Jae-hyun)

The story of a girl who was adopted and raised by her adoptive parents but later falls in love with her adoptive father Yoon Jung-hyuk and marries him. As her life nears death

The story of a woman who's forced to confront her past after spending 13 years hiding it. Han Ji-oh (Lee Ji-ah) is forced to confront her lover

The story of a man who becomes a neurosurgeon and saves the day several times over. He then finds himself in the middle of a love story between a man

A man

The story of two people who spend half their lives as partners and break up after 50 years. Tae-young loses his memory after which he becomes very ill. On the day he comes back from being badly ill

Utada is a 40-year-old woman who lives with her vain mother and two beautiful daughters

The story of three women who lose their hair and become manga manga

The theme of SHim Sang-hyun is ""Love is timing."" Lee Ji-eun (Hong Soo-ah)

The period drama explores the relationship of two people as they go from being ""just acquaintances"" to ""a genuine couple"". Jin-soo (Jang Hyuk) is a part-time scam artist working the streets of Seoul

Jin Pal-soo (Choi Jin-sil) is terminally ill with cancer and wants to live the rest of his life as normal but he is forced into the hospital after a car accident kills his father. There he meets Yoon Jung-hyuk (Lee Jong-suk)

A high school student named Lee Shi-yeon (Martin Han-kyun) moves to the countryside with his family and discovers a real-life ecosystem.

Six students at K-pop group K-popiscare (K-pop) burst into the group's dressing room at Neptune's restaurant

Cover girl Eun Ji-ah (Moon Ga-young)

Ji Yeon-hee (Uee) is in her late thirties and works as a director of a shoe company. She likes being single and has no plans to get married. Meanwhile

The mysterious Death Note ends with the death of an innocent butchers

The story of a yearning to see what is before us.

The series tells the story of those who desire to see the absolute worst

A heartwarming story about family members who cannot hate each other even when they want to.

This drama is about a couple who loses their loved ones due to a tragic accident and tries to carry on with life as if they are not in pain. It is a suspense story about whether or not to accept defeat.

A family drama revolving around a flower shop filled with gorgeous flowers 365 days in a year. It is about a flower shop that has been handed down from father to son and is about a stall that has been set up in front of a flower shop every day since 1990.

Oh Ro-ra is a 25-year-old woman whose family owns a hair salon named ""Revenge"" on their family's land. Ro-ra faces bullies at school

Oh Tae-ji (Lee Joon-gi) loses his father and his mother in a fire

The story of a couple who starts a war with each other because of their misunderstanding of each other's feelings and intentions. It is a love story about waiting tables and drinking with famous men

When a war is declared on the Korean mainland

Main character is a 70-year-old man

Yoon Bong-sun (Park Bo-young ) is a 65-year-old man who lives with his two grandmas. Gook-soo (Ji Jin-hee) lives with his younger daughter

Main character Park Tae-joon (Ji Jin-hee)

Park Geun-soo (Choi Jin-hoo) is the last living relative of a bachok village that was massacred

At the reunion of an astronomy club

A romantic comedy and beauty drama

Top actress Oh Jin-shim (Yoo In-na)

 of life

It's love at first sight when Seo In-ha (Jang Keun-suk) and Kim Yoon-hee (Im Yoon-ah) meet as shy university students in the seventies. It takes time for the hesitant pair to finally voice their feelings

The drama follows the life a woman who ends up losing everything after living a turbulent life. When she starts anew from the bottom

17-year-old Gong Joo-young (Park Ji-hoon)

An omnibus miniseries which tells the complex love stories of four women aged between 23 and 42.

The first half of the series is set at Harvard University and is mainly concerned with the burgeoning relationship between a Harvard Law School student

Yeo Bong-soon (Eugene) (Aileen Yeo)

A romantic comedy story about two imperfect people who fell in love with each other. The female protagonist Joo Seo-yeon

In a high school in Chuncheon

Philip (Park Si-hoo) and Eul-soon (Song Ji-hyo) are bound by an unusual fate: one's happiness always results in the other's misfortune. The two start writing a drama together

Yoon Mi-ju (Kim Jung-eun) is the daughter of a reverend

Kang Tae-young (Kim Jung-eun) is the daughter of a film director and carrying on her father's wishes

The president's daughter

Newly wed public prosecutor

A girl's journey to become a successful singer in the old-fashioned musical genre Trot

The storyline of the series is in interview format -- six people talking about their dating life. 

The drama centers on the romantic and comedic interactions between Shim Bo-nui

Jang Geu-rim dreams about becoming a singer and transfers to an elite musical high school where her favorite K-pop idol

Cha Gong-chan (Lee Min-ho) was able to enter the top private high school in the affluent Gangnam District

Choi Kang-woo is a former police and leader of Taeyang Insurance's investigators team

Go Hye-rim (Han Ye-seul) is a fortune teller and café owner who goes by the name of Madame Antoine. She claims her fortune-telling abilities are based on a spiritual connection with the famous French queen Marie Antoinette. By her own admission

The drama revolves around the romance between a man named Oh Tae-ji (Kim Jin-woo)

Jung Deok-in was once a homicide detective

Han So-won struggles to prove the innocence of her husband

Han Seung-hee is a successful painter and a happy single mother to her son

One the driven top student and the other a happy-go-lucky troublemaker

Lee Roo-ri (Choi Soo-young) tries to get a job at big company

A longtime celebrity Yeo Woon-gwang (Park Sung-woong

Lee Jin-seo (Im Dong-hyek) is a neurosurgeon in his 40s. He and his older brother Hyung-suk were corralled into a shed and tortured by their landlord for three years. Hyung-suk was especially abused by the LG Shin Chan family

Jang Yoon-ha (Kim Jaewon) uses her fame and fortune to take revenge on Lee Kang-gi (Yoon Eun-hye) for ruining her life. Kang-gi eventually complies with her revenge desire and sets out to take her revenge.

The series is a multi-generational saga that covers a twenty-year span from 1990 to 2010

The drama is based on the historical Dowager Queen Empress Cheonchu of the Goryeo

The drama is about a multimillionaire industrialist Dong-myung (Lim Ju-hwan)

Cha Soo-yeon is a divorced mother of three sons and one daughter

Nam Do-hyeon (Park Hae-jin) is the CEO of a large conglomerate

Maeng Ye-soon (Kim Seul-gi) is the daughter of a tailor and one of the most beautiful women in the country. She is also bright and brave

Go play ping pong

Known as ""The Princess Bride"" in Japan

Hwang Tae-young is the eldest daughter in the family and have come through hardships in life thanks to her bright and caring personality. She is bright and brave

Ku-bang is a popular talk show host who gets into fights and ends up killing someone. Her father Kang Tae-Joo (Seo Jung-hwan)

Kim Jung-eun is the eldest daughter in the family and have been married twice. Her ex happens to be an undercover Interpol agent

Yeo Eun-young leads a charmed life; after growing up in a wealthy family

Gyeong-Sook (Kim Hye-ri) married a wealthy older man when she was 19-years-old. Her family is top-heavy with government officials; Jung Yeon-sung (Ah Jung-joo) is the prime minister. Her father Wong Jung-suk (I) is a district supervisor in his own right

Sung Mi-yeon (Kim Sa-rang) is a clinical psychologist with a master's degree in educational administration. She holds a doctorate in education from Oxford University. Mi-yeon's research interests lie in the social sciences

Perennial bachelor Park Dal-jae (Lee Moon-sik) has gone on more marriage blind dates than he can count

Jung Ji-eun is a fashion designer. She is the second daughter of a family who owns a top designer store. She fancies herself a bit ugly

Min Chae-won is the eldest daughter in the family. Her hair is spiked and covered in fine thread. She has a fan in her younger sister Eun-sung

Yoon Cha-young learns that her mother Yoo Sun-kyung abandoned her as a child because of selfish ambition

Oh Hyun-jae (Jang Hyuk) was a genius profiler who cracked many cold cases using his unsurpassed profiling skills. One day

The story of two people who first meet online and soon develop a relationship when they meet in person but then get separated after choosing different paths for their careers.

Cha Seok-hoon is a naive man who grew up a rural village in Gangwon Province. His intellect gets him into the country's top university despite his family's economic plight

Joo Ah-Ran and Shin Hyun-Woo have an elaborate wedding at a luxurious hotel. Shin Hyun-Woo sincerely loves Joo Ah-Ran

Goo Eun-jae (Jang Seo-hee) graduated as a make-up artist major at a university and began preparations to study in France. Her dreams to study abroad are halted by pregnancy after Jung Gyo-bin (Byun Woo-min) takes advantage of her when she was drunk. She decides to marry him and give up on her dreams in order to be a responsible mother. Eun-jae's pregnancy soon meets with a tragic miscarriage when she tries to protect her mother in law

A romantic melodrama that depicts the lives of a young man and woman who begin to discover their true feelings whilst playing the dangerous game of love. The show is based on the classic 18th century French novel

Doctor Min Gi-seo (Jang Hyuk) is a surgeon whose wealthy background and superior talent causes him to be arrogant and curt with others. But when his girlfriend Ji-min (Choi Kang-hee) dies of cancer after he failed to save her on the operating table

A melodrama about a handsome man and a beautiful blind woman who doesn't believe in love. Oh Soo is an orphan who is left heartbroken after his first love dies. He leads a goal-less life as a high-stakes gambler with a 99.9% success rate. Oh Young is a lonely heiress who is visually impaired and lives alone without family. The two learn the true meaning of love after meeting each other.

Perennial bachelor Park Dal-jae (Lee Moon-sik) has gone on more marriage blind dates than he can count

Top actress Han Ji-soo (Kim Ah-joong) is in a car accident. The problem is that her secret boyfriend

No Dae-ho

About the love story of Han Se-gye (Seo Hyun-jin) who is an A-list actress. She is known as a troublemaker and the object of numerous rumors. Her life is a mystery

This story revolves around a girl named Lee Soo-jung (Lee So-yeon)who was adopted and raised by her adoptive parents

The period drama explores the gray area between legal and illegal.

Hong Gil-dong (Sa Byung-hun) is a neurosurgeon who is transferred from one of the best hospitals in Seoul to a rundown hospital with no ER. After disobeying his previous hospital director

The series follows the story of three characters as they deal with their adolescent years.

Kang Yoo-jung (Lee Beom-hyun) is a bright woman. She supports her boyfriend Tae-joon

Kim Ji-won (Sung Hoon) is an alien who landed on Earth in 1799. He saves a girl named Han Seo-

After overcoming poverty and a difficult childhood

Punch is a record of the last six months of Park Jung-hwan's life. He is the chief of the anti-corruption investigation team for the Supreme Prosecutors' Office. To get to his position

Kang Tae-joo (Eric Mun) introduces himself at the end of ""Goodbye World"" and apologizes for leaving out important details from the beginning. He explains that he missed an opportunity to make a strong impression on Lee Min-jung (Hong Soo-rim) during their three-year relationship due to his own shortcomings.

Long-term tenants at the Four Seasons Hotel are being evicted after 40 years of renting to various people. Due to this unexpected development

The story of two people who work at two different companies

Working Mom revolves around the complicated lives of workers at K-pop girl group Tea Party. Choi Ga-young is a floor manager at a K-pop concert and Jae-min is a security guard at a gun shop. Despite seeming cold and unfeeling

The series follows the lives of employees at a top Hollywood studio

Top actress and model turned activist Shin So-min (Kim Ok-bin) is among the group of singers.

Kim Do-hyun is a TV news anchor who appears to have everything. His life falls apart when he is accused of sexual harassment and assaulted by his younger superior officer.

Three different people take on the mysterious and powerful role of guiding and protecting the destitute and elderly from various crises.

The protagonist

Park Do-kyun is a successful television drama producer who has a passion for cooking. He therefore makes a deal with an immoral doctor for a cure to his terminal cancer. After the doctor tells the terrible truth

The series tells the story of people working at various functions and bars during regular working hours.

The series depicts a fierce struggle for survival in a world where humans are running out of food and water are limited. To help each other

Human beings are evolving at a rapid pace and

Do-hyun is a doctor specializing in hepato-pancreato-biliary surgery in the best cancer research hospital in the country. He is also a vampire. Despite seeming cold and unfeeling

The series follows the story of human beings who undergo dramatic changes after coming out as LGBT in a society dominated by heterosexual people. The series explores gender identity disorder (or gender dysphoria) and the mental health issues surrounding it.

LGBT is short for lesbianism in Korean

LGBT is a period drama that tells the story of four women in their late thirties and their complex relationships

The story centers on the life of Lee Tae-joon

LGBT is about a man who becomes a TV station and a lesbian leads a TV station staff to discover the truth behind several shocking murders.

LGBT: First Love

The series follows the lives of moviegoers at a movie theater.

LGBT: Movie Stars and Their Complex Relations

There is a common Korean belief that anything plus nine (gu in Korean) is always ""cursed"" and brings about more hardship than usual

A worldwide

 work at a law firm

The plots between husband and wife are many and varied. Some marriages are extremely successful

Lawyer Park Dong-joo (Lee Joon-gi) falls in love with his college sweetheart Oh Hyun-soo. When he learns that she is terminally ill

The series tells the story of two men whose souls switch bodies

The fictional story begins after the execution of real-life North Korean general Jang Sung-taek. One day an order comes down from North Korea

Han Myung-wol is a North Korean spy who infiltrates the South under orders to kidnap popular hallyu actor Kang Woo

The story is about civil servant Baek Sung-il and his team who collect taxes from habitual tax evaders as well as delinquent taxpayers in cooperation with the fraud Yang Jeong-do.

Dong-joo and Gi-tae were both abandoned by their parents as children. They grew up together in an orphanage and became best friends. After a family tragedy

Han Jung-suh (Go Soo) and Cha Song-joo (Kang Sung-yeon) are childhood friends and have a special bond that blossoms into love. They both share the pain of losing a loved one: Song-joo's father died in a traffic accident and Jung-suh's mother died of eye cancer. Jung-suh's father (Ha Jae-young) marries an actress named Tae Mi-ra (Lee Hui-hyang)

Jin Pal-gang (Choi Jung-won) has worked at an insurance firm for five years

Set in South Korea's fictional Silicon Valley called Sandbox

The story is centered on the love between a musically gifted South Korean man

Lee Ma-ri (Choi Ji-woo) is a top star in South Korea and throughout Asia. The head of her management agency

Kang Yoo-na (Kim Ok-bin) is the daughter of a pickpocket who learned the trade from her father and is already famous in her own right (with a prolific rap sheet of her very own

Gong Woo-jin (Yang Se-jong) is a 30-year-old single man who works as a set designer. Due to a trauma he experienced 13 years ago

Soon-young divorces her husband Han-joon legally due to his business troubles

In the first season

Do Bong-soon (Park Bo-young) was born with superhuman strength. Her strength is hereditary and passed along only to the women in her family. Her dream is to create a video game with herself as the main character. She desperately wants to become a delicate and elegant woman

The series starts by stating: ""Rather than being a person born in chaotic times

Story of a girl named Eun Soo-jung who does not believe in her appearance and instead prefers to be known as a talented and successful woman. Eun Soo-jung does not have a high school diploma

This is a romance story about a man named Oh Song-joo (Joo Yoon-ho) who finds himself in a relationship with a college student named Kim Mi-ra (Choi Yoon-suk) when he goes to visit his father in the countryside. Along with her college friend Joon Chul-soo

Han Gyu-won (Uee) is the perfectionist editor at Style magazine. She's

 passengers is detained at San Francisco International Airport for overstaying his welcome by pretending to be a hotelier. Han Seung-hyun embarks on a trip to Taiwan to see a live performance of his favorite K-pop idol

During the Korean Cultural Revolution

A story of a woman who is surrogate mother

The story of two women whose bodies switch bodies

The fictional story begins after the execution of real-life North Korean general Jang Sung-taek. One day an order comes down from North Korea

Han Myung-wol is a North Korean spy who infiltrates the South under orders to kidnap popular hallyu actor Kang Woo

The story is about civil servant Baek Sung-il and his team who collect taxes from habitual tax evaders as well as delinquent taxpayers in cooperation with the fraud Yang Jeong-do.

Dong-joo and Gi-tae were both abandoned by their parents as children. They grew up together in an orphanage and became best friends. After a family tragedy

Han Jung-suh (Choi Ji-woo) and Cha Song-joo (Kwon Sang-woo) are childhood friends and have a special bond that blossoms into love. They both share the pain of losing a loved one: Song-joo's father died in a traffic accident and Jung-suh's mother died of eye cancer. Jung-suh's father (Ha Jae-young) marries an actress named Tae Mi-ra (Lee Hui-hyang)

Jin Pal-gang (Choi Jung-won) has worked at an insurance firm for five years

Set in South Korea's fictional Silicon Valley called Sandbox

The story is centered on the love between a musically gifted South Korean man

Lee Ma-ri (Choi Ji-woo) is a top star in South Korea and throughout Asia. The head of her management agency

Kang Yoo-na (Kim Ok-bin) is the daughter of a pickpocket who learned the trade from her father and is already famous in her own right (with a prolific rap sheet of her very own

Gong Woo-jin (Yang Se-jong) is a 30-year-old single man who works as a set designer. Due to a trauma he experienced 13 years ago

Soon-young divorces her husband Han-joon legally due to his business troubles

In the first season

Do Bong-soon (Park Bo-young) was born  with the supernatural ability to see

The series is a coming of age story about young people at Ysentangement High School. Han Seung-yeon (Kim Jung-hwa) is a transfer student from an elite private high school who spends most of her time dreaming of someday meeting her Prince Charming; at age 17

Dream High is a 2019 Korean drama directed by Ahn Gil Ho.

Cha Yu-ri (Korean: 양 국화) is a high school student and single girl. Han Seung-yeon (Jung So-min) is a bright high school student who dreams of becoming a teacher. She desperately wants to become a teacher and gives up her dreams in order to be a good role model for her younger sister's budding learning ability. The two witness a murder committed by a gangster and sympathize with the victim

Jin Sang-pil has been a pilot since he

After witnessing his mother's murder at a young age

Kim Jin-seo (Kim Hye-soo) is an author of bestselling mystery novels and a radio DJ. Playful and a bit arrogant

This is the story of five pairs of lovers and their families

Set in South Korea

The story of a conglomerate family that falls apart when the members are caught up in a furious battle for succession. Kim Tae-jin's children all covet his fortune and the power that he possesses as the company president

Joo Byung-hee (Lee Min-ki) is the crazy

Ma Hoon

The lives of four detectives in their twenties are changed forever when after an experiment gone awry

Baek Hee-sung (Lee Joon-gi) is a man who hides his identity and past from his wife Cha Ji-won (Moon Chae-won)

Lee Soo-jung is at the end of her rope when her boyfriend leaves her and their newborn baby due to financial problems. So Soo-jung gives up her daughter for adoption

Jeon Se-mi (Jang Shin-young) was once a pure and innocent girl. But that all changes when she is betrayed by her lover

Set during the Joseon dynasty

The series tells the story of the hair stylists and interns at hair salon named 'Fly Up Butterfly'

Yoon Shi-yeon (Kim Tae-hee) is a ""gumiho"" (or nine-tailed fox) living undercover in the human world. She has a dark past when her whole family was massacred

Jung Hae-jung is the eldest of four sisters

When Japan invaded Korea

Baek Joong-won once saved the vampire Ehwa from being burned at the stake by his fellow villagers. While attempting to escape together

Based on the 2001 film

A coming of age story about young people in their twenties and the problems they face in university. Nam Soo-hyun and Yeon Joo

Han Ji-eun (Song Hye-kyo)

A hapkido teacher named Jang Man-ok (Hwang Jung-eum; Man-ok means ""full house"" in Hanja) poses as a stylist for top idol group TAKE ONE and moves into the band's luxurious house

Kang Mi-rae (Im Soo-hyang) decides to get plastic surgery after years of being bullied because of her looks. Her ""rebirth"" seems successful at first

In Seoul

In 1986

Throughout her school days

It is a mysterious social revenge drama that follows Kang Hae-ra (played by Kim) and her revenge against those who rule society. She is a trendy influencer reporter until a phony scandal ruins her. She vows a revenge on those who hurt her.

High school students Min Wook-gi (Lee Min Ho) and Doo-heon (Rhyme) both land in

Choi Seok-bong believes that fate has reconsidered who is his real father. Seok-bong was born into the Joseon dynasty

Gu Seok-bong believes that fate has reconsidered who is his real mother. Seok-bong was born into the Joseon dynasty

Go Byung-hee (Go Hyun-jung) is the only daughter of a chaebol family. Her grandfather is the president of a trading company. Her father is a car salesman. Her mother is a housewife. For the past seventeen years she has been present for every milestone in the career of her disapproving father

Choi Eun-young (Jang Seo-hee) is an eighteen-year-old girl who is bright and brave. When she was five years old

Go Byung-hee and Kang Cho-hwa first meet when Kang Cho-hwa is a substitute teacher at an elementary school where Byung-hee's mother teaches.  They continue to run into each other in various farcical situations.  Go Byung-hee has a crush on Choi Jung-woo

Kim Jung-suh (Go Soo) and Yoo Kang-chil (Lee Jung-jung) first meet when she is a substitute teacher at an elementary school where Jung-woo's mother teaches.  They continue to run into each other in various ways.  Kim Jung-suh is a fool

Achiara is a quiet

The series follows the story of two women who spend three years living together in a shared house in the neighborhood of Yeoncheon.

During the Cold War

Achiara is a love story between a man who remembers every second of his life and a woman who forgot her painful past to live.

The series follows the story of a boy who becomes critically injured due to an incident of school violence and his family who seeks the truth and fights for justice in his name.

IT employee and socially awkward Nam Se-hee (Lee Min-ki) marries homeless writer Yoon Ji-ho (Jung So-min) by signing a contract of two years. Both parties agree to the terms and conditions of being just landlord and tenant. They plan to share the flat based on common goals and values

Shin Ok-hee

Choi Seok-bong believes he is the son of a billionaire

Kang Gun-woo (or Kang Mae) is a world-renowned orchestra maestro who is a perfectionist in his work. He is not an easy person to work with and is feared by all his players. By chance

Brilliant and ambitious

Dokgo Ma-te (Jang Keun-suk) is a pretty boy. His mother dies without giving him the password to meet his father

But Choi David (Lee Jang)

Park Choi-go quits from his office table job to open a chicken restaurant in a middle-income neighborhood of Seoul. Renting a plot of land where a sauna stands from the landlord

Beyond Evil tells the story of two fearless men

Jung Se-ro (Yoon Kye-sang) is a hardworking young man who works multiple part-time jobs while studying for the foreign civil service exam. His father is a petty criminal and a con man

Gil Da-ran (Lee Min-jung) is a struggling substitute teacher trying to get her

Lee Soo-kyung is a prosecutor at Seoul Central District Prosecutors' Office. One day

Based on the biblical story of Adam and Eve's first two sons

It tells the story of three very close friends

The drama revolves around Three Gorgongs

Eun-Jae (Choi Ji-woo) and Hyun-Woo (Yoon Sang-hyun) have an elaborate wedding at a luxurious hotel. The wedding is attended by

The series follows the lives of three women who work at the wedding planning division of The A Live Company. Together

Jang Ki-baek (Lee Jong-ok) is a stubborn young man who works hard to fulfill his dreams of being a top star. He meets Son Se-hee (Shin Se-kyung) who lost his ability to see after he was blinded in an accident.

The series follows the lives of the title character(s) of two couples

Yoo Min-woo has a glittering career in her work life. Her father is an author and her mother a playwright. She likes being a school idol and envies the company she keeps

The series follows the lives of employees at The Walt Disney Company.

Cha Yoon-hee (Kim Ah-joong) is a stubborn young woman who worked at Disney for 3 years. She still has not forgiven her father for abandoning her when she was a child. After her father decides to take her to the country

Lee Joon-soo (So Ji-sub) is a miser who had a bad experience at a hotel last year. He is a cold-blooded businessman who would do anything to achieve his revenge. He had been a wealthy man of Korean descent for three generations. He was romantically involved with a Korean woman

The series follows the lives of people in the world of musical theatre

Kang Hak-soon (Oh Hyun-kyung) is a lonely heiress who has been a gift to her stepson for three generations. When he hears that her daughter is getting married during the heian period

Kang Yoo-bi (Lee Beom-soo) was born into the Heehan family but her mother died when she was a child. She was adopted by a man named Lee Jae-woo (Kim Tak-kyung) who promised to give up his daughter if she made him happy. Her mother died suddenly from a fire

The drama focuses on the life and relationships of a group of university students

Han Se-yeon (Yoon Shi-yoon) is a senior college student whose friends — a college drop-out

The drama follows the lives of people in the world of musical theatre

Friends From Another Star by Kim Rae-won revolves around the lives of three girls who arrive at Miryang Korean Spa (Miracle Mile) together and navigate their paths in life.

When a stray cat named Ding-Dong accidentally becomes the head of a Korean family

Lee Soo-yeon (Yoon Shi-hoo) is a reserved young woman who works part-time as a hospital cafeteria nutritionist. After her parents died in a fire

The story of Oh Dong-baek

When a genius with an IQ of 200 tries to join the popular Jeju Forum

A mysterious house called "Melancholia" holds magical significance to many people. Hotelier Yoon Joon-young (Park Eun-han) and her husband

The theme of the series is ""Love Gu Gu Jingyal

The story begins with a car accident involving a man named Oh Jin-seok and it flashes back some scenes of him chasing a young adorable girl

Han Ji-eun (Song Hye-kyo) is a genius with an IQ of 200 and the youngest editor of a fashion magazine. Constantly embarrassed and ashamed of her sister's developmental disability and suffocated by her affection

The story of a man who joins the National Assembly and teams up with a genius accountant to save his girlfriend who is in the process of dying from leukemia.

The story of a brilliant doctor who is forced to quit his job due to the non-renewal of his 10-year contract.

Hwang Jini is a girl in her 20s who lives with her great-grandmother and grandmother. She spends most of her time dreaming of someday meeting her Prince Charming; in her fantasy

A capable and distinguished lawyer of the law firm ""Kang & Ham"" Choi Kang-Seok recruits a young man named Go Yeon-Woo who has a retentive memory but not a law degree. An adaptation from the American TV show Suits.

Set during an era when society does not allow females to be educated nor employed

Yeon-woo grew up happy in a loving family. After her father dies of mysterious causes

Cha Mi-rae is a doctor and single mother to her young daughter Sa-rang. When she gets diagnosed with terminal cancer and told she has one year left to live

Super Junior-T are famous in South Korea for their song ""Rokkugo""

Kang Ho (Eric Mun) is just an average guy who got a college degree in physical education from a second-rate

Bong Dal-hee (Lee Yo-won) approaches her life and work with a simple-minded gungho sincerity. She's had frail health since she was a child

The series is about Noh Ji-wook (Ji Chang-wook)

The drama opens in the 1960–1970's

Middle child Kim Bom (Song Seung-heon) had a difficult childhood because her mother showered all her affection on Bom's older brother Eun-Bae and her younger sister Eun-sol. Now that Bom is an adult

Yoon Jung-sook (Han Ji-hye) is an eighteen-year-old

Ga-ran and Nam-joon were classmates in elementary school. Ga-ran is a tomboy who prefers trousers to skirts

Oh Dal-Nim (Park Eun-Young) is falsely accused of murder. She decides to take revenge on those responsible for misery.

After an unexpected family tragedy

The story about a group of youngsters being pushed into society and the people around them.

Park Jin-sung (Jung Il-woo)

Ho Goo-hee

Oh Ji-na discovers an application on her phone which takes revenge on anyone

 their story.

Story about a 1

In 1980

During a flight to China

Fifteen year old Lee Soo-yeon (Kim So-hyun) is a victim of bullying at school

Kim Wook (Go Soo) and Soo-jin (Lee Beom-soo) are childhood friends and have a special bond that blossoms into love. They both share the pain of losing an older brother

Revolves around the story of four women in their thirties. They are called Madam Shim (Kim Beul), Am Hyun-jun (Shin Eun-kyung), Jin Sa-woo (Jung So-min)

Jang Sae-joon (Lee Jang-woo) is a struggling playwright and single father to his young daughter. He and his wife Park Myung-joon (Lee Bo-young) do not get along because his rich parents are too busy raising their daughter. As a result

The theme of the series is ""Love is timing."" Lee Ji-eun (Hong Soo-ah)

Han Eok-kwan (Cho Jae-hyun) is a ruthless

Pied Piper focuses on a police negotiation task force that specializes in tense

Yoo Ga-eun is a sweet-natured girl who married her college sweetheart

In the year 2000

The story about the four talented individuals in their respective fields who create an elite team to solve crimes in partnership with a righteous prosecutor. Together

A ditsy and unpopular Oh Ha-Ni (Jung So-Min) is in love with his opposite

Heo Soon-ae is a 40-year-old homemaker devoted to her pilot husband Yoon Il-seok

An AI controlled

There is a common Korean belief that anything plus nine (gu in Korean) is always ""cursed"" and brings about more hardship than usual

A worldwide criminal syndicate known as Heugsahoe exists. Their boss is Choi Hee-gon.

Detective Kang Pil-sung and psychic medium Hong Seo-jung join forces to get rid of the ghost of a murderer who was executed 20 years ago.

A mysterious asteroid crash-lands on Earth in 2013 and causes strange things to happen

Mong-hee and Yoo-na are two different women who look exactly the same

The insurmountable responsibility cast upon parents with mentally challenged offspring can be quite daunting. For Chang-soo (Heo Joon-ho)

Gu Dong-chi passed the bar exam right after high school (bypassing college altogether) and became a prosecutor at age 21. With his brilliant legal mind and over ten years of experience since

A story about doctors and exorcists protecting people together at a Catholic hospital in Seoul.

At 42 years old

The story set in a universe where Korea is a constitutional monarchy. The Empress regnant

Oh Ro-ra is a 25-year-old woman whose family owns Chunwang Foods

a group of girls

Kang Gun (or Kang Mae) is a gunna dojo teacher who is equally as cold and competitive as he is beautiful. He is also in love with his former lady teacher Nicht Mae (Kim Jun-gun). One day

The story of a man who became a neurosurgeon though he was born into a family of doctors. He meets Yoon Doo-shik (Lee Min-ki) a genius with a phobia of heights and becomes his arch enemy.

A phantasmagorical story about love and war. A genius like Bong Dal (Song Seung-heon) and a reckless

The story of Lee Tae-tae (Han Ji-hye)

The story of two women whose souls switch bodies

The story of Oh Rin-seo (Shin Ae-young) who is a New Age therapist who comes to town searching for her lost sister. After all, who could be found of her missing sister

In the tradition of Korean art

The series tells the story of K-pop diva-turned-actor-turned-manager Choi Joon-seo (Seo In-guk)

The story is about civil servant Baek Shi Yoon (Baek Joon-seo) who is transferred from one of the best companies in the business to a worse one.

Lee Soo-kyung (Shin Hye-sun) is a genius with an IQ of 200 and the youngest editor of a fashion magazine. Constantly embarrassed and ashamed of her sister's developmental disability and suffocated by her affection

Yoon Gaesomun was a general and powerful military dictator. Under his rule

After the accident of Ju-hee's parents

Kim Yoon-sung and Kim Gang-woo have been best friends since elementary school. They share everything together: Yoon-soo has been fighting fires ever since he was a little boy

A. Dae-jung (Or Hyun-woo) is a high school graduate and single mother to her young daughter Saeed. Her ex-boyfriend Seo In-jung (Hong Ji-hye) is living with her and her daughter Saeed. When she meets Ainsley Mosqueda (Shin Yoon-jae)

When the god of the Land of Water

The series revolves around Mosqueda

After his parent was brutally murdered in front of him by the Chinese

A story about a woman and her daughter who was born into slavery in Joseon. She escapes to the United States and becomes a United States Marine Corps officer. There she meets Sing Tao-joo (Shin Ae-young)

After the execution of her parents

Gu family (Dae-young) has four sons—Jin-poong

A story about a woman and her two adult daughters. It is loosely based on the LIFE magazine series. Eun-jin and Jae-hyuk are childhood friends who have become fast friends and have been left behind by their father. Eun-jin is carrying on her father's wishes

After their parents were murdered in front of them by members of Shin Dong-gu and Shin Mong-gu families

Set in the world of television drama production

 home to be the best coach along with his hot-tempered wife Gong-joo

Gu Hans-jae (Han Ji-hye) has never had a proper girlfriend

The story of a rich man who team up to take down bad criminals and save his dying father. The duo becomes wives and have a son together.

The drama starts off with a bank heist but soon spirals out of control as the bad blood between the father and the second wife

A story about a woman who married twice and stole her husband's identity. The former keeps a bottle of lotion in a secret cabinet under the name 'Scarlet Visage' and the latter is a mysterious housewife who doesn't look or sound like her real wife. When the secret is out!

A story about a married couple who have problems living together after their first child is born out. A child was abandoned by its birth mother because its mother was too cold and not enough was said about it within the family. The child was adopted by a couple in search of its birth mother. The  adopted child has a strong will

A birth mother was murdered

The birth of a beautiful heir can be traced all the way back to her mother who died giving birth to her granddaughter

The  Rappaport family is headed by Eugenie Jaque and her granddaughter born out of wedlock. She has four sons and they all want to be rid of the pain of growing up in a cruel and untrustworthy family.

A sensitive

The story of a dandy-ish businessman with no name but famous in his own right

As expected of a ""big name"" like Lee Seung-mo

Yoo Min-woo

The story of a woman who goes to great lengths to achieve her parents' wishes

As she ages

A rich ""bad boy"" falls in love with an innocent but tenacious woman who went to prison for her boyfriend's 'hit and run' murder. As the days go by

The story of a woman who goes to great lengths to achieve her dreams of becoming a top actor. She fights to become a legitimate actress despite being cheated on by her boyfriend.

The Life of Kang Chun-dong is a drama about two men who grew up together and then decide to get married.

The Life of Kang Chun-dong is a romantic comedy that satirizes the way of the rich and famous

The theme of the series is ""Love is timing."" Lee Jae-woo (Jung Jae-woo)

Han Eok-kwan (Cho Jae-hyun) is a ruthless

Pied Piper focuses on a police negotiation task force that specializes in tense

Yoo Ga-eun is a sweet-natured woman who married her college sweetheart

The story of a man who became a neurologist despite a severe brain tumour: he cures the patient's father by creating a vaccine against infectious diseases. The patient's father was a con man

A story about a woman who became a neurologist despite a severe brain tumour. She discovers a cure for cancer and starts working towards it herself. She has a distant family; her mother being a

In the bustling East Village of Hell in the seventies

A slice-of-life story about five girls who live together in a sharehouse called ""Belle Epoque"" and connect over the growing pains in their youth. It comforts and sympathizes with the pain of youth (most twenties) and it is based on the problems that young generation can face recently.

Sung Deok-mi (Park Min-young) is a talented chief curator of Cheum Museum of Art

The drama juxtaposes two very different men who married two sisters. Oh Ja-ryong is a gregarious and good-natured fellow with a pure heart who is honestly devoted to his wife Gong-joo

Jin Do-hyuk (Lee Joon-gi) lost his parents at an early age

Kim Sung-ryong

The story of Jang Deukhwan (Kim Young-kwang)

The story of Kang Yeon-seo (Uee) who becomes the passionate lover of Lee Ji-hye (Shin Ae-young) with whom he has no relationship. Instead

The story of two individuals who lost their loved ones in a tragic accident and try to carry on with their lives as if they are not in pain. Through that time they slowly fell in love.

The drama follows the lives of three different people in the world of musical theater

The drama follows the tragic love story of Shim Cheong (Seo In-guk)

The story of a director at a home shopping channel

Kim Young-joo is a kind woman who believes that anyone can become a genius. Even though she knows a thing or two about cooking

The story of a married couple who have spent half their lives as partners. They look back on the time they have spent together and rediscover themselves as they suddenly have to confront death.

Yoo Bang-hee's (So Ji-sub) genius son

The drama depicts a world where humans and vampires coexist.

Smart and promising medical student Wang Sa-jin (Hong Jong-hyun) is just a normal doctor with a big future ahead of him. He is not a genius with a 100% success rate. But when he performs an experiment that may or may not work

The story of a couple who co-found a humanitarian aid group in the aftermath of the end of the Vietnam War.

Based on the historical Dowager Queen Empress Cheonchu of the Goryeo

The comedy depicts a man's delightful revenge on the Lord of the Sea

The story of a prosecutor who would do anything to achieve his revenge and prosecutors who must prove his innocence.

The story of a family of lawyers who work for the top law firm in the city who must fight tooth and nail to prove their innocence.

Come to the Laugh Factory at Second Base to witness the debut of the Laughing Kimchi restaurant chain

Known as ""Joseon's greatest enemy"" by Kim Young-joo

The series revolves around a group of thieves who team up to solve cases.

Na Young-joo is a fun-loving girl in her mid-20s

 experiment to become an astronaut. They decide to take the risk and embark on a mission together.

Yoon Geu-rim (Moon Geun-young) is a bright woman. She supports her boyfriend Tae Suk-ho (Kim Byung-se)

While You Were Sleeping is a 2019 Korean drama directed by Oh Seung-ah 

The story of two people who lose their loved ones at an early age and struggle to carry on with their lives while trying to protect their families.

Ji Sun-woo

Kim Young-joo

Kim Jae-hyuk (Kim Chang-wan) is a physician and Choi Yoo-jung (Choi Yoon-hee) is his patient. When Chi Soo-chan (Jang Hyuk) dies of cancer after using up all her options

Yoon Ji-ho (Eric Mun) is an idiot. He accidentally falls into a time-slip portal and travels to the past

This story features Lee Tae-joon (Yoon Eun-hye)

This drama is about a webtoon writer Eun Eun-sung (Hyun Bin)

Lee Myung-joon (Eric Mun) is a naïve man who grew up in the countryside with his family. His intellect gets him into the country's top university despite his family's economic plight

Joo Byung-hee (Lee Bo-young) is the daughter of a widow who once shined shoes for a living. When she gets diagnosed with terminal cancer and told she has one year left to live

When a brilliant psychologist named Go Da-jin (Jin Sung-rok) comes to town searching for his lost love

Min Chae-won is the tears that fall from the eyes of women in their thirties

This drama is about a police investigator who becomes embedded with a notorious group of murderers

Yoo Bang-hee's (Park So-dam) life will never be the same.

After their baby girl was brutally murdered in front of her family

Cha Seok-hee (Moon Geun-young) is only 8 months old but already has the appearance of a woman who has been around forever. Her family is no different from any other Korean family; her mother being a haenyeo about everything

Even though things are looking grim for Oh Shin-young

After her husband mysteriously disappears without her knowledge

Shin Do-young is a managing director at a home shopping network. When she gets diagnosed with terminal cancer and told she has one year left to live

When Eun Jae-mi (Lee Young-ah) gets diagnosed with terminal brain cancer she wakes up from a six-year coma. She takes the blame for her mother's funeral

After Eun Jae-mi becomes the president of a reunified Korea

After Eun Jae-mi embarks on a cross-country trip to seek fame and fortune

Han Eok-kyung (Hyun Bin) is a popular star chef and the only son of the 70-year-old traditional Korean 'Pungcheonok’ pork soup restaurant. He is also responsible for creating the fine Korean cuisine dining boom through pop-up restaurants. He loves making people laugh with his unique dish

 child who had a difficult childhood because his family was ransacked and his home was taken over by the police.

To make matters worse, Han Se-yo (Kim Hye-Ok) has an affair with Oh Seung-mo (Jang Seo-jin)

Six students at the Seonam Girls' High School at Nanyang Technological University (NTU) share dreams of becoming a fashion designer

The theme of Seo Min-young's high school uniform is ""Love is timing."" Lee Ji-eun (Hong Soo-ah) is a student at the Fashion University of

Han Eok-kwan (Choi Joon-bak) is a ruthless

Pied Piper focuses on a police negotiation task force that specializes in tense

Yoo Ga-eun is a sweet-natured girl who married her college sweetheart

In the year 2000

The story about the four talented individuals in their respective fields who create an elite team to solve crimes in partnership with a righteous prosecutor. Together

A ditsy and unpopular Oh Ha-Ni (Jung So-Min) is in love with her opposite

Heo Soon-ae is a 40-year-old homemaker devoted to her pilot husband Yoon Il-seok

An AI controlled

There is a common Korean belief that anything plus nine (gu in Korean) is always ""cursed"" and brings about more hardship than usual

A worldwide criminal syndicate known as Heugsahoe exists. Their boss is Choi Hee-gon.

Detective Kang Pil-sung and psychic medium Hong Seo-jung join forces to get rid of the ghost of a murderer who was executed 20 years ago.

A mysterious asteroid crash-lands on Earth in 2013 and causes strange things to happen

Mong-hee and Yoo-na are two different women who look exactly the same

The insurmountable responsibility cast upon parents with mentally challenged offspring can be quite daunting. For Chang-soo (Heo Joon-ho)

Gu Dong-chi passed the bar exam right after high school (bypassing college altogether) and became a prosecutor at age 21. With his brilliant legal mind and over ten years of experience since

A story about doctors and exorcists protecting people together at a Catholic hospital in Seoul.

At 42 years old

The story set in a universe where Korea is a constitutional monarchy. The Empress regnant

Oh Ro-ra is a 25-year-old woman whose family owns Chunwang Foods

The show is set in an alternate

Go Hee-soo is the granddaughter of the president of South Korea's biggest conglomerate KS Group. Raised by her step-mother Kim Sug-jae

A captivating drama that immerses you in the moment

The story series revolves around a group of students with different multicultural backgrounds residing at a college dormitory.

The story centers on the life of Lee Han-suk (Kim Jaewon)

The story is about a prince who

 years when he was very young

Achiara is a quiet

The story revolves around the life of Lee Ji-hyun (Yoon Eun-hye)

In order to boost her flagging popularity

Lee Myung-hyun and his disease control task force investigate a mutant virus that has a 100% fatality rate and kills the infected within three days. Not only must they find an antidote

The widowed president of a kimchi factory decides to embark on a grand marriage scheme for her four daughters... by having them cohabitate with four eligible bachelors.

Do-hoon divorced Soo-jin when he learned that he had Alzheimer. They meet again five years later and Soo-jin learned the reason that lead to the divorce back then. She suffered to overcome the pain and decided to be by Do-hoon's side once again.

Broadcast journalist Shin-young (Park Jin-hee) is 34

Ji Sun-woo

Top actor Ji Eun-ho (Joo Jin-mo) hires ghostwriter Seo Jung-eun (Kim Sa-rang) to write his autobiography in 2015. Eun-ho is tense

Over a thousand years ago during the Baekje Dynasty

Kim Soon-kyung is a retired police officer and father of three sons

Story about a girl Nan-hee (Kim Seul-gi) who does not believe in herself because she feels she does not look as pretty as others. One day she receives a ring which holds a family secret. Due to the magical ring

Story about So In-sung (Yoon Shi-yoon) a dork looking guy

The Universe's Star is a love story between a gifted singer-songwriter Woo-joo (Kim Jun-myeon) and Byul (Ji Woo)

The President of South Korea goes on holiday at a private villa. In the middle of the night

39-year-old Kim Eun-young (Myung Se-bin) is the eldest among the younger generation of sisters. She has a thoughtful personality and was good in school

A story about a woman and her two adult daughters. Older sister Oh Hyun-soo is a pet products designer

After his mother was brutally murdered in front of him by the Thai Qing Faction's gangster Mao

Lee Jin-woo and Seo Jung-in are both reporters

Choi Eun-hyuk (Kim Min-joon) and Seo Chan-joo (Park Sol-mi) have been married for three years. They start looking back of the years they spent together when their past lovers come into their lives.

To. Jenny is a music drama about a young man who expresses his unrequited first love for a girl through music and a young woman who chases after her dream despite a harsh situation.

A young actress

Ahn Tae-pyung (N) is the eldest among four orphaned siblings living with their grandmother (O). He is a high school student but takes up part-time jobs and also sells ddeokbokki in order to clear his dead father's debts and to take care of his younger siblings and grandmother. During a robbery at a burger shop

On the other hand

The heroine Chon Hae-joo (Han Ji-hye) begins life in utter poverty. But despite being burdened with the secret past of her parents

A rich ""bad boy"" falls in love with an innocent but tenacious woman who went to prison for her boyfriend's 'hit and run' murder. As the story unfolds

Story of a mysterious surrogate mother who enters the home of a woman holding the secret behind her child's death.

A travel agent who lacks confidence in her appearance finds her hidden beauty with the help of six men met at Lotte Duty Free stores.

Kang Ji-yoo is a ballerina

Chae Seo-rin was Ji-yoo’s best friend during high school

The series takes place during turbulent times in Korea

Twin siblings Lee Seo-young (Lee Bo-young) and Lee Sang-woo (Park Hae-jin) often have suffered hardships along with their mother due to their father Lee Sam-jae's (Chun Ho-jin) poor financial decisions and getting conned out of his money led by his own ambitions. Desperate to survive

SF8 revolves around people who dream of a perfect society. It tackles the themes of artificial intelligence

A romantic comedy

The series tells the story of people working on the marketing team of a cosmetics brand

Wang So was born a prince of Goryeo

"Super mom"" Oh Bit-na has been a housewife for five years to her plastic surgeon husband and five-year-old daughter named Yeon-doo. One day

A romantic comedy about Louis (Seo In-guk)

Two people who never fit in met on the cold ice! A special drama about a novice short track speed skater reaching the top of the world is a drama about a young boy who has grown up to become a member of the world's highest speed skating team.

The story of a middle-aged man and woman who have given up any dreams of a passionate romance

The story details the partnership between Go Da-kyung (Kim Ah-joong)

A criminal profiler Park Hae Young (Lee Je-hoon)

Kang Poong-ho is a pest exterminator by day and a K-1/mixed martial arts fighter by night. He is a single father raising his 7-year-old son Kang San after the boy's mother

Sisyphus: The Myth tells the story of a genius engineer named Han Tae-sul

The story tells about the foundation of the Joseon Dynasty in Korea and ambitions

A story about a girl named Eun So-ojeong who does not believe in herself because she feels she does not look as pretty as others. Eun So-ojeong is a tomboy who prefers trousers to skirts

A story about So In-sung (Yoon Shi-yoon) a genius patisserie

The story is set in the world of television drama production

The story of a young man named Lee Seon-yoo who is trying to make his way in the increasingly competitive market place

 a first name

Ji Soon-young dies but is reborn as a zombie after her parent died. Despite seeming cold and unfeeling

An ordinary and gorgeous college student

Ma Soon-young dies of cancer after being betrayed by her lover

Kim Soon-young dies of cancer after being betrayed by her husband

Renz-pyeong is a 40-year-old man who lived a normal life with his beautiful wife

Gong Yoo-il

Set in 1986

The series tells the story of a boy who becomes a police investigator in order to find his father who has supposedly been missing for twenty years. He ends up spending most of his time looking for his missing father

Yook Dong-sik (Lee Yo-won) used to be a successful and workaholic construction company director

The series is about a married couple who have spent half their lives as partners. They look back on the time they have together and rediscover themselves as they suddenly have to confront death.

Yoon Do-hyuk (Lee Byung-hun) used to be a normal and bright-natured college student

The series follows the relationship of an abrasive female police officer and a millionaire masquerading as a parking attendant.

It is a story about a man who dies giving his all in giving his all

The drama tells the story of a woman who dies giving her all in giving her all

The Cursed is about a teenage girl who has the ability to bring death by overworking herself. She tries to get a job at a big company but ends up losing her temper and getting fired. She then decides to take her revenge.

The Elder Scrolls V: Arena - Epic Battleships is set in a fictional alliance between seaplane

The Cursed is about a teenage girl who loses her memory after undergoing plastic surgery to assume another identity

The battle between detectives who try to reveal the truth and those who frequently cover it all up.

The story of a genius archivist who reads and transcribes documents. He or she is called upon to write an essay about a specific historical event.

The story of two men who fell in love when they met but then got separated after living together for 15 years.

The screenplay is based on the novel Journey (Korean: 원행; RR: i lang=""ko-Latn"" title=""Korean-language romanization"" reprint=""Korean-language"" roman=""Romanization"" roman=""Romanization"" roman=""Romanization"" roman=""Romanization"" roman=""Romanization"" roman=""Romanization"" roman=""Romanization"" roman=""Romanization"" roman=""Romanization"" roman=""Romanization"" roman=""Romanization"" roman=""Romanization"" roman=""Romanization"" roman=""Romanization"" roman=""Romanization"" roman=""Romanization"" roman=""Romanization"" roman=""Romanization"" roman=""Romanization"" roman="Romanization"" roman=""Romanization"" roman=""Romanization"" roman=""Romanization"" roman=""Romanization"" roman=""Romanization"" roman=""Romanization"" roman=""Romanization"" roman=""Romanization"" roman=""Romanization"" roman=""Romanization"" roman="R

a Jin-hee) is a caring

Han Seung-hee (Choi Ji-woo) is a stubborn young woman with no dating experience. She looks like her late mother

A mysterious dating agency

Do Hae-san (Yang Seung-yeon)

The drama tells the love story between a heiress who tries to save her father's legacy

Lee Seo-yeon (Min Jeong-ah) is a descendant of the former president of a trading company. She has a brilliant mind and was able to enter Harvard University despite struggling to get a job. Her father supports her and her mother rely on her sister Yoon Cheo-sun (Choi Soo-ah)

The family drama Assorted Gems revolves around four siblings of the Gung family. All are named after precious jewels: eldest daughter

Athena Quatermain (Park Eun-han) is a blunt

The story revolves around Frasca

The story of a woman who starts a lost love and a man who tries to find her.

The story is about love and deception.  The Loved Ones are made up of three individuals who have been in a relationship for over 10 years:  a Mr. Miyagi (Lee Seung-gi)

The series tells the story of police work

Jang Dong-soo (Choi Jung-hyun) is a former undercover narcotics detective who became a media sensation after he was accused of killing his wife. He escapes from his hiding place and confronts his accuser. What he finds is paradise.

Kim Sung-ryong is a handsome

The series follows the story of an unfortunate woman named Jeong Seo-yeon who became the victim of a mistaken identity crisis and tried to protect her father. But she was killed in a car accident while trying to save another woman

Yoon Do-hyeon (Park Eun-bin) is a ruthless

The series tells the story of Hwan-dong (Yoon Eun-hye)

Go Eun-ha is a special effects makeup artist. She is secretly dating Kang Man-ah (So Ji-eun)

A two-part drama about a man trying to achieve what is thought to be impossible: ""He is everything a woman could ever want"" meets ""He is nothing."" The two begin to discover their mutual flaws as they come to terms with their love lives

A man desperately wants to be ""a man."" He is a high school dropout who passes a hidden camera audition and is invited to join the reality show I Saw A MAN. He passes the audition and is invited to join the reality show I Saw A MAN. He does not want to be on TV with ""a woman."" He is too embarrassed to admit it. He is a fraud. A fake. A phantom. A pathetic ""bottom dweller"" He is a product of the Gutter

Kim Rae-Won can't believe his luck when he gets asked to be a part of a singing competition and he declines. The mysterious

Cha Yoon-hee is a spunky young woman whose mother passed on her to her sons when she was very young. Her father passed the baton to her mother to give to her sons when she grew up

Go Eun-Shin grew up in an orphanage with her sister

-to; the princess of Goryeo is trying to escape to the United States

The drama tells the story of five youths and their messy encounters with the concept of first love. Yun Tae-o is a college student whose closest friend is a college drop-out

The story of a man who cannot forget his first love from ten years ago and is given the chance to redo history as he returns to the past.

A native of Jeju Island

Cha Dae-woong (Lee Seung-Gi) is a normal college student

Revolves around a woman who has a chance to rise in status but falls into a bottomless pit

Im Chi-woo (So Yoo-jin) is someone who always bravely faces challenges that are thrown in her life. Since young

Jinshim Original Fried Chicken restaurant is owned by Lee Jin-sam

Because of her face blindness disorder

Marketing Department Manager

Cha Yoon-hee (Kim Nam-joo) is a successful TV drama producer/director who marries an orphaned doctor (Yoo Jun-sang) and thereby acquires the supposed

Ji-soo (Bae Jong-ok) is an unassuming housewife leading a happy life with her college professor husband Joon-pyo (Kim Sang-joong) and their son. But trouble lurks when Ji-soo's widowed friend Hwa-young (Kim Hee-ae) accompanies Ji-soo and her family on a trip and secretly begins a love affair with Joon-pyo. One day

Jo Deul-ho (Park Shin-yang) who once had a bright future ahead of him as a star prosecutor

The sequel fast forward to 2019

Do Mi-sol is a single mother who gave birth as her first child but grew up as a family. She has a brilliant son

Do Min-joon (Kim Soo-hyun) is an alien who landed on Earth in 1609 during the Joseon Dynasty. He saves a girl named Seo Yi-hwa from falling off a cliff and misses his return trip to his home planet and is stranded on Earth for the next four centuries. He has a near-perfect human appearance

This Korean drama is based on the Korean folktale a class=""mw-redirect"" href=""/wiki/Kongji_and_Patzzi"" title=""Kongji and Patzzi""Kongji and Patzzi/a

Jeon Sook-yeong (Ha Hee-ra) is happily married with two children but becomes blind in an accident. At first in despair

Lee Hyun-wook (Rain) is the CEO of a talent agency that scouts and trains idols. Hyun-wook lives in great difficulty as he is unable to let go of his ex-girlfriend who died in an accident 3 years ago

Kim Sam-soon (Kim Sun-a) is loud and brash

Nam Na-bi (nabi means ""butterfly"" in Korean) was once a top star

My Mister tells us the story of three middle-aged brothers

Gyeong-Sook (Kim Hye-ri) married a wealthy older man when she was 19-years-old. Her mother-in-law

The story of Cho Seok-hee and her husband Tae-hee who are engaged

The story begins with a car accident involving a man named Han Jin-woo and it flashes back some scenes of him chasing a young adorable girl

Nam Da-jung (Kim So-eun) is an innocent college student who passes a hidden camera audition and is invited to join the reality show Liar Game

Ji Eun-soo is the daughter-in-law of a chaebol family who appears to have everything. Her life falls apart when she is accused of murdering her abusive husband and sentenced to ten years in prison. While in prison

Gong Ah-jung (Yoon Eun-hye) is a government employee of the Ministry of Culture

At one of South Korea's top medical centers

Set in Jeju

Han Tae-joo (Jung Kyung-Ho) leads a crime investigation team. He has experienced a rapid rise in his career and he trusts data over people. While investigating a serial murder case

It tells the story of Kang Ki-tae who came from a wealthy family and became the first national entertainer during the Vietnam War in the 1970s and 1980s.

Baek-ho and Dan-poong first meet during Dan-poong company food testing at a mart.  They continue to run into each other in various farcical situations.  Baek-ho eventually starts working in the marketing department of Bonjour Foods

Min-ho (Lee Min-ho) is a musician who met Ling Ling (Bea Hayden) on their walk and got inspired to write a new song. He then made a silly mistake by sending her a text message saying he loved her.

Do Hyun-woo (Lee Sun-kyun)

This is the love story of Cha Dong-joo (Kim Jaewon)

The story of Lee Ji-hoon (Kim Hye-yoon)

Love story of a cold city girl named Eun Bang-wool (Kim Tak-kang) who lives with her great-grandmother and grandmother

Jung Ji-ho and Hye-Won met on several previous occasions when she worked as a travel guide in Vietnam and Hong Kong. She became his first love

The series retells the love story between Princess Pyeonggang (Moon Ga-young) and On Dal

Lee Joon-young (So Ji-sub) is a recently widowed traffic cop who finds herself in over her head after she stops a man for committing a routine traffic violation. Han Se-kyung (Kim Ha-neul) is behind the wheel of her own car when she stops a man named Lee Dong-wook (Lee Dong-wook) for committing a routine traffic violation. They get married at a hotel after she pressures the reluctant couple into marriage.

The series retells the love story between John Paul II (Jr.) and Yoon Woong-joo (Jung So-min). They meet when they are both in their 20s

The series retells the love story between Han Se-kyung (Kim Hye-ja) and Kim Hye-ja (Oh Ji-won). They married at 19 after struggling to get their parents' approval. They have been together for 10 years. After splitting up after college

Jang Sae-joon (Kim Jae-won) is a brilliant neuro

Park Ki-ja (Im Soo-hyang) is the perfectionist editor at Style magazine. She's extremely confident

Cha Moo-hyuk (Yoon Doo-Won) is an innocent college student who passes a hidden camera audition and is invited to join the reality show Liar Game

Ji-oh (Lee Je-hoon) is an orphan who was left by his birth-mother under the care of Kim Tae-shik (Jung Han-yoon) and his wife Min-ki (Jung Ae-ri) when he was very young. His mother promised to come after him later but she never did. The Kim family raised Ji-oh like he was their own son but never changed his family name because they thought his birth-mother might later come to pick him up. Despite a lack of money

It tells the story of Kang Choi Seung-hyun and his wife Eun-sung at their modest home in the countryside. There they interact daily with their daughter Mori (Eugene) who tells them everything from petty annoyances to vast plans.

Yoo Bang-hee's (Park Hee-von) Prince Charming is teen idol Choi Hye-Seong (Lee Ji-hoon)

Sung Mi-ri (Choi Si-won) is a cheerful

Set in 1987

The story of a young man named Eun Bang-wool (Choi Soo-won) who's got the looks and the money but who is without honor or integrity. He leads a crime investigation team but is killed in a car accident while chasing after his partner

A crime drama about the thrills and sadness of working woman in their 30s

Kim Rae-Won stars as the warm hearted chef-in-training Lee Sung-Chan (Lee So-yeon)

Mo Seok-hee (Im Soo-hyang) is happily married with two children but becomes blind in an accident. At first in despair

In the year 1994

A bulletproof  windowless society exists within a prison called Sagamihara City. Its members are known as the Carrie Symbol Group

In 1957

The story of a man who finds himself thrust into the modern world after immigrating to Japan

During a flight to China

Nine tells the story of nine-year-old Yoon Shi-Woo (Lee Min-ho) who finds out that she is carrying on his late father's will and decides to marry a man who will carry on his father's wishes

Since Kim Rae-Won immigrated to Japan as a child

Na Ut-ho is a surgeon who works at a private hospital that specializes in gynecological malpractice. Ut-ho was born into slavery in Joseon

The series follows the story of a woman who was forced to become a witch during the French Revolution and wakes up from a medieval witch hunt in the modern age. Ut-ho was emotionally scarred by the stress of the situation and became a hardened criminal

This is a story about the romance of a 9-year-old girl named Eun Han-woo who lives in the past with her grandmother and mom

In the year 1997

The series tells the

 between a wealthy Plungpa prefecture

When everything you believed in for your entire life turns out to be a devastating lie

Ji Soon-young loses her husband

This drama is about a dating agency that orchestrates romantic scenarios for paying clients

The story of a genius logician

When she was very young

The stories between friends in their last years of life

Things are turned upside down in the search for ""M"" when an anonymous confession is published on Seoyeon University's student forum. Coming from different departments of the university

Early in his reign

A divorced couple become next-door neighbors.

A high school graduate yet full of zest and keen sense of justice managed to pass the bar examination to be a qualified barrister-at-law against miscarriage of justice

The drama is about two families that operate rival Chinese food restaurants

Yoo Si-jin (Song Joong-do) is the captain of a South Korean Special Forces unit. He and his friend Master Sergeant Seo Dae-young (Jin Goo) are off-duty when they witness a young man stealing a motorcycle and apprehend him. The thief

Park Mu-jin (Ji Jin-hee) is the South Korean Minister of Environment

Based on real-life cases

Kang Yo-han is a head trial judge who punishes the dishonest in the courtroom with no mercy

The strange but beautiful love story of a genius doctor who suffers from ""Cinderella Memory Disorder"" in which the memories of the previous day disappear at twelve o'clock and a washed-up actress.

Prince Rin found himself orphan when his father the king

The stories of overworked prosecutors' daily lives in the fictional city of Jinyoung.

Jae-ho and his sister Jae-young were abandoned by their mother to escape poverty. Because of this

The story takes place in Kyungsung (South Korea) and Shanghai (China) during the Japanese colonial rule. Lee Young-jin is a Korean surgeon who was raised by a Japanese family. She becomes a spy for the Korean government.

Japanese artist Ai Ra-jae (Kim So-hyun) creates murals depicting famous people from different walks of life.

As a child

Ma Hoon

The story of three generations of a family of women who has endured poverty and wedged themselves into a tragic love story.

The series follows the lives of the three generations of a family of women who has been united for generations by marriage. There is romance and drama mixed in with the tales of family members who have separated.

The series tells the story of the K-pop girl group 1

RoAeon was born a prince of Goryeo

Kang Tae-jin (Ha Jae-young)

The story of a group of boys and girls who have grown up together over the years.

This drama is about a dating agency that orchestrates romantic scenarios for paying clients

The story of a genius logician

A dating agency that orchestrates romantic scenarios for paying clients

The logician(s) of Gaya High School

Go A-Tae (Han Cho-hong) lives with her upper-middle-class widowed father

Kim Rae-Won (Lee Je-hoon) is a talented but cold-blooded businessman who is unstoppable once he sets his mind on doing or getting something. He had once been a smart

The series retells the love story between Princess Pyeonggang and On Dal

Lee Soo-yeon (Okja) is a recently widowed traffic cop who finds herself in over her head after she stops a man for committing a routine traffic violation. Han Seo-yeon

Han Jae-Won (Yoo Dong-sub) has been a traffic cop for just over a year. He has experienced a rapid rise in his career and his wife Aebong (Lee Young-ah) is grateful that he is paying attention to her while he waits for her father to come pick her up. With her father in the country

Kim Tae-yang (Do Do-hye) has grown up with the ability to see ghosts. He uses his power to work as a ghost since he is not a good enough driver to pass as a real traffic cop. As a result

The series explores the gray area between legal and illegal.

Han Tae-joo (Kim So-hyun) is a part-time scam artist working the streets of Australia. He was abandoned by his parents as a child and he was adopted by a couple in Australia. Since he was a child

A detailed account of the sixteenth prime minister of the People's Republic of China

A romantic comedy

The series tells the story of the lives of the three Wise Men: Chu Kang-chae (Kim Doo-soo)

The drama revolves around a group of men and women who have spent most of their lives together

A romantic comedy

The story of a group of men and women who have reached the pinnacle of their respective professions.

Joo Sung-yeon (Yeo Jin-goo) is a ""mad dog"" detective who becomes guilt-ridden after his wife was murdered while he was at work. Kang Hae-jo (Lee Dong-joon) is a tough policewoman who is gifted with perfect psycho-acoustics skills and went for voice profiling. She was working at a call center when a brutal murder case took place and in the process of investigating

Kim Doo-soo (Lee Je-hye) is a ""mad dog"" detective who becomes guilt-ridden after his wife was murdered while he was at work. Kang Dan-i (Kim Hye-soo) is a sweet-natured child who has a devout Catholic family and a lifelong dream of becoming a nun. She desperately wants to be a nun and doesn't want to let go of her childhood friend Yoon Jae-won (Lee Hong-bin). In order to get her dream come true

A rich ""bad boy"" named Baek Mi-ra was taken in by his mother as a child and raised in the church. He has always wanted to become a priest

Over the Rainbow is a romantic comedy about two imperfect people who fell in love with each

 wealthy and famous family surnamed It"s." One day

"Gloria Coppola''s famous Hollywood portrait of an actress

"God Save the Queen'' is an anthem of the Queen Elizabeth II.

Known as an autocrat in the palace who firmly believes in his power and loyalty

The story of Prince Wight is set in a hypothetical ""United States of Europe"" scenario in which the British Empire is toppled and everything in its path is rebounded back at once.

""Angels in the night"" is a tale about a group of highly trained assassins who specialize in hunting down corrupt officials in the royal palace.

""Bald tycoon" Oliver Oh

Oliver Queen (Jung Kwang-soo) has it all: a pure and innocent heart

The drama asks the tough questions and manages to strike a chord with the audience even though it is heavily infused with mystery and tension. The story of a woman who joins the National Assembly and teams up with a detective to save her husband after he abruptly disappears following the sudden death of her father.

To Serve and Protect is about two armies (white and black) operating in the same vicinity as a single office building. They are assigned a mission: to capture a notorious drug lord in the city of Yeouido.

It tells the story of two detectives who work together to unravel the corruption behind a tragedy that happens within a powerful organization.

Jang Mi-soo (Lee Beon-ah) is a fortune teller and café owner who goes by the name of Madame Antoine. She claims her fortune-telling abilities are based on a spiritual connection with the famous French queen Marie Antoinette. By her own admission

So-jin is a fortune teller and single mother. She has a giftedness for the rarefied air of being "beautiful and graceful" and is loved by everyone around her. She meets Yeon-myung at a coffeehouse stand and discovers she is in love with him.

As a single mother

The story follows the story of a woman named Han Ji-ah (Jung Yoo-ah) who finds herself under a mysterious spell after getting married at 19 to a man who was 30 years older than she was. She accidentally falls into a time rift and into the past

The story tells about the romantic and artistic sides of the Korea and Chinese-speaking communities in Korea and China. For the past 7 years

The romance story of an elegant Cheong-in (South Korean: 국화) restaurant that has been handed down from father to son and is about a con man who has fallen in love with a church trinity.

Lee Seo-yeon (Park Shin-hye) is a Churchillian by birth. Her grandmother chose Korea over the country of her birth because she thought Korea was a cradle country where God would look out for her and her family. Because of this Heavenly Father figure looks out for Seo-yeon's family as well as he looks out for himself.

As the heir of a wealthy family

The drama revolves around the lives of three youths and their messy encounters with the concept of first love. Yun Tae-o is a college student whose friends — a college drop-out

The story of a man who cannot forget his first love from ten years ago and is given the chance to redo history as he returns to the past.

A native of Jeju Islandend

's two biological children — Kimmy (Kim Jung-eun) and Cheo (Kim Young-jae)

Yoon Sun-woo (Chae Rim) is a fashion designer. He has dream of becoming an architect. He meets Son Se-dong (Shin Se-kyung)

The series is about a man who inherits the Maru Song Group after his father dies and finds himself in a fierce battle against the group's members.

The battle between an empathetic monkey and a cold-blooded murderer is the story of a man trying to make it in the world with his two best friends.

Yoon Do-hyeon (Moon Ga-young) is a genius profiler who solves crimes with his "10,000 year' experience."

The story of a group of criminals who team up to catch criminals who violate the law and punish those who do. It focuses on the group known as Sin City Rollers (real name: ""Criminal Ladies 2"") who capture criminals and organize crime scenes.

A group of criminals are forced together to track down even worse villains.

Jin-wook (Ji Jin-hee) is an intelligent man with a modest upbringing. He is the top student in his class at one of the top-tier law schools in the country. While looking for his daughter

Min-ho (Park Seo-joon) is a washed-up actor with bad standing in his family. He has been begging his mother for the past decade to let him get married again and beg her to let him stay in law school longer. Seo-joon's mother had previously said she would marry anyone who took her daughter in law class. But when she discovered that he has a large penis

The story of a group of criminals who work as messengers in the old-fashioned Korean way of working

A nobleman named Jang Han-yook (Ji Jin-hee) arrives in the country to settle a score with the daughter of his enemy

Yoo Ha-na and Nam Na-ri (Ji Jin-hee) are childhood friends and have a special relationship. They have both grown into seniors and serve time in prison. The relationship between Ha-na

The series starts by stating: ""Rather than being a person born in chaotic times

Kang Poong-hyeon is the guardian of three (!) pups 

Maeng Ye-soon and Kim Rae-wan (Gong Yoo) are childhood friends and have a special bond that blossoms into love. They both share the pain of losing a loved one: the death of a parent. They look back fondly on the time they spend together

The drama follows the life a woman who becomes the prime suspect in a murder case and suffers a triple murder suicide. She is assisted by her childhood friend: a good-natured

Hwang Geum-bok (soon to be 39 years old) is the guardian of three (!) girls (soon to be named). Her job is simple: to take care of the sisters. Geum-bok means ""full house"" in Han Sin-gongese

The story of a man who finds his fortune and his happiness while playing the dangerous game of life and death.

Ji Won-young ( Hyun Bin ) is the luckiest girl in Joseon. She is a native of Jeju Island who has arrived by herself after a set of unfortunate events. She has a strong survival instinct and loves to eat fresh produce. This leads to a problem: she eats too much produce. Her father explains that if she opens her mouth too much it hurts her. Won-young has

Ji Soon-young is driving along when Ahn Tae-young spots a man walking near a bomb shelter. The bomb shelter catches Yoon Jung-in (Choi Jin-sil) completely off guard

A series of events forces members of the popular K-pop girl group Tea Party to reunite for the first time after leaving high school eighteen years earlier. Now in their 30s

27-year-old Kim Sun-a (Kim Hye-rim) is falsely accused of murder. Her innocent nature is protected by her best friend Nobu Hase-in (Kim Hye-rim)

The protagonist Sun-a (Kim Hye-rim) is a high school student and varsity ice hockey player. He is a consistent victim of crime and the victim of many crimes in his life. Sun-a was born with the supernatural ability to see

The series depicts a story of a woman who becomes the Queen of Joseon. Finding herself in the awkward position of being an orphan and a queen

27-year-old Go Da-kyung (Kim Hye-ae) is a pianist and a student. She has a brother who died in a car accident 5 years ago. He is in the process of learning the piano for the first time. Her mother has been in a hurry to get rid of her because she feels that Da-kyung is only good for musical performances. She is wrong. With the help of Tae-shim (Song Kyung-ho)

24-year-old Park Dong-man (Park Shi-hoo) is a former mercenary soldier for the PMC Blackstone. He is a perfectionist in his work. He is not an asshole

24-year-old Oh Je-ro is a musical genius

15 years ago

Kim Ji-soo married a man who her father approved of but she does not love just to get away from her strict father. On the day she tells her husband she wants a divorce

A group of math teachers are selected to review an exam. Do-hye and her ex-husband are among the group of teachers. Na Pil-seung is the security officer assigned to watch over the teachers to prevent them from leaking exam material. Do-hye and Pil-seung shared some embarrassing moments during their college days. Do-hye tries her best to avoid these embarrassing memories.

Lee Hae-jo (Whose real name is Kwon Ho-jin) is the top star in the world. Ranked number one in the world by Forbes magazine

Count Saeed Fahd Ali is a wealthy man with a prickly demeanor who develops extreme life-threatening rashes that rapidly spread over his body whenever he comes into direct contact with a new people. Saeed uses his powers to try to help people he believes in destroying.

Lee Seon-yoo is a fashion designer. She is very confident

The series is about three women who have been best friends since elementary school. They interact with one another throughout their school days and become the members of the same high school student-lovers group. They also quickly become attached after hearing each other's names. At the reunion of the group

A young man named Han Seung-wan (Yoon Eun-hye)

Four men and one woman became the objects of passionate affection and love.

The story of two couples who live in the same apartment building.

A story about a family consisting of a father

Kim Rae-Won stars as the warm hearted chef-in-

Based on the biblical story of Adam and Eve's first two sons

The drama opens in the 19th century

Set in the Joseon Dynasty

Yoon Jae-in (Hyun Bin) is a head trial judge who punishes the dishonest in the courtroom with no mercy

Yoon Ji-ho (Kim Jaewon) is a struggling housewife who receives a terminal cancer diagnosis and prepares to say goodbye to her family. Her illness brings her family together for the first time

The series starts by stating: ""Rather than dying alone in the desert,

Zi-young (Kim Ha-neul) graduated as a make-up artist major at a university and began preparations to study in France. Her dreams to study abroad are halted by pregnancy after Jung Gyo-bin (Byun Woo-min) takes advantage of her when she was drunk. She decides to marry him and give up on her dreams in order to be a responsible mother to her unborn child. Elegant

The series is about a middle-aged man who is responsible for the well-being of his three children and himself. Kim Min-ho (Sunwoo Jung-eum)

Yoon Gaesomun was a Christian missionary in Jeju Island who had a passion for photography and photography related things. He took a pay cut to become a bodyguard for a rich lady and became a vigilante. He was inspired by Joseon's famous martyrdom story and killed many criminals to earn the respect of the people and to serve the people. He then joined the Shin Sung-rokhun police force and became a detective.

Choi Ban-do (Choi Sung-rok)

Song Kyung-rin is a 28-year-old housewife facing extreme financial difficulties due to her husband's low income and no longer-promising career. Dong-soo isolate is the result of a marital accident and not a disease. Ho-jung isolate is the result of a twin pregnancy and not a disease. Byun Ji-sook is struggling to get her life together and her husband Ho-jin is too embarrassed to even tell her mother. Suddenly

In a place far from the town lived a boy and a girl. The girl's name was Li Shan Xi. Her grandfather and father were selling traditional wine to earn money. They produce their own wine in a small shop. The boy's name was Xu Jun (Kim Jae Won). His parents

In the center of Yeouido is the Joseon dynasty. Seinen-yeon is a secretary in a Western enterprise who gets there via a hideout. She discovers a shocking secret about the present and envisions a new life. Ten years later

Yoon San (Lee Yo-won) is a head trial judge who punishes the dishonest in the courtroom with no mercy

The true meaning of love lies in giving and taking. Is there really a 'thing' called 'first love' that binds two people together for the rest of their lives

Kim Do-ta is a head trial judge who punishes the dishonest in the courtroom with no mercy

The drama centers on a god of law

The story of a genius fortune teller and a woman who tries to get her fortune in a peaceful way. Han Seung-hee (Lee Je-eun) is a perfectionist with a pure heart who has worked at a bank for three years. She is lucky because her father is the president of the bank and she is married to Cha Dong-soon (Moon Hyun-woo)

After their four children become independent

The drama depicts a man's vigorous efforts to protect the precious value of life and bodily integrity. It is a story about a man who fights to protect the honor of his mother-in-law.

A romantic comedy that revolves around a woman who goes out with many men and defeats many opponents.

The story of a man who goes out with many women and surrenders his life to get to fulfill his wildest dreams. He meets Xiaolae at a hotel and their life changes completely when he unexpectedly gets a hold of her and takes her to his home

A fantasy drama about a young man who surrenders his life to obtain the truth and uses deception to get his revenge.

The drama depicts a girl's miraculous cure of her sister' severe epilepsy. Through that same miracle

A married couple suddenly finds themselves living entirely different lives! After their four children become independent

A graphic designer in their mid-thirties

The drama depicts a girl's amazing feat of sewing with her life as a craft and her struggles to become a fine seamstress. She finds herself in a terrible bind since she misses out on her youth and fails to get a job. She decides to marry a grown man and give up on her dreams in order to be a responsible mother to her children. Her pregnancy soon meets with a tragic miscarriage when she tries to protect her mother in law

A man whose name and life were taken from him seeks revenge. To do so

In order to prove his doubly-elusive status

Jang Mi-ho (Kang Ji-so) is an elfin princess who lives with her two grandparent's families in a remote part of the country. She is very much alive and well

Kim Do-young is an alien who became a local celebrity after she vanished while walking with her best friend in the countryside. Her celebrity caused rumors of a lesbian relationship with her male friend Noh Ji-seok

In Seoul

In 1986

Gayatri Rangasamy is a senior high school student who dreams of becoming a teacher. His father is a district teacher and his mother a vice principal. Gayatri's girlfriend

Gayatri and his cousin Narendran are childhood friends. Gayatri has a special need for non-medical procedures and urgently needs a bone marrow transplant. Narendran's mother has a mental defect and passes it on to her son whenever she makes love. While waiting for a liver transplant

A love story between a heiress who thinks she's the daughter of a nobleman and a woman who has been his most important friend since childhood

When a traveling salesman approaches a girl sitting in a third-floor waiting room

A story about a girl called Sun Eun-woo who was forced to become a private detective and ends up losing her life trying.

The story of a woman who became a private detective and saved the life of a fellow detective who wished to remain a secret detective.

The heroine Chon Hae-joo (Han Ji-hye) comes from a wealthy family and becomes a teacher. However

The series follows the relationship of an abrasive female police officer and a billionaire criminal.

A drama that tells the life of three middle-aged woman who  graduated from the same high school.

Fifteen years agoendof

Two teenagers began a contractual relationship: Heo Don-hyuk promises to protect Park Chan-hong from his bully if the latter helps him uncover the truth behind the suicide of his girlfriend.

Man Gyeong-soo becomes the prime suspect in a murder case and hires ghost investigators to solve it.

Goo Se Ra (Kang Dong-ah) is a nineteen-year-old girl who has fallen in love with Lee Min-jung

She has an illegitimate son and she wants to get married to him. But before she can get married

She meets a man who believes in the impossible: a marriage between a man who can see ghosts and a woman who can.

He told her to stop crying: he suffers from Niemann–Pick disease

Woo Joo-ri (Park Shin-hye) is a former mercenary soldier for the PMC Blackstone. He is a perfectionist who braved danger to become a war hero and saves the princess.

She tells the story of three women in their thirties.

After a series of unfortunate events

The supernatural romance between a heiress who believes in reincarnation and a con-man who betrays his love for Noh Ji-won (Lee Yo-won). Ji-won's hope is that she can find a way to regain her memory

The PMC Banner Saga is a supernatural romantic comedy that depicts the near-perfect match made between an excellent and an amazing human being. The a href=""/wiki/Brutal_battle"" title=""Brutal Battle""Brutal Battle/a

The story of Lee Ma-ri (Kim Ok-bin) and Kim Sa-bin (Kam Woo-sung) who have the looks and the money

Ma-ri is a former mercenary soldier for the PMC Blackstone. She is a perfectionist who braved danger to become a war hero and saves the princess.

In a high school in Chun Ji Prefecture

Kang Bok-nyeo is a talented chef who has gone to great lengths to become a celebrity. He went to great lengths to get there though

Seo Jin-Woo is a latecomer to the club and lives with his foster parents. He is a burden because he doesn't have any friends and they constantly worry that he is living a double life. Meanwhile

Han Seo-yeon is an aspiring model and cheerleader. She has the looks

Goo Se-yeon (Kim So-hyun) is a very stubborn

About a middle school student named Lee Cha-don (Jung Da-bin) who was separated from his father after he learns he is ill and spends most of his time thinking about getting his mother off his back. One day

The president's daughter

Kim Rae-Won (Lee Soo-kyung) is the bright and optimistic daughter of a rich family who shows no sign of aging. In fact

"Ideal Marriage"" is a 2019 Korean drama directed by Ahn Jay-sang. It is about a passionate and successful professional athlete-turned-marriage lawyer Kim Sa-bok (Yoon Sang-hyun) who helps her husband Ho-joo unload his daughter-in-law

Kim Sa-Jang (Choi Jin-sil) is a former Special Forces soldier who became a therapist in the mental hospital he abandoned three years

As the leader of South Korea's idol group TAKE ONE

A baby girl was abandoned at birth. Her biological mother intended to marry off her child to a rich family

Wonder Girls are excited because they think that they are the first female idol group to appear on TV. They make plans to kidnap Kim Min-joon (Lee Byung-hun)

In the first series

A detailed bio-security thriller that takes place in the never-ending drama ""around 16:00-17:00"" 

The series focuses on the ever-changing nature of relationships and the need to always be ready to step in if necessary. Jung Soo-hyun is a hospital cafeteria nutritionist with aplomb. She is bright and brave

The series depicts a man's attempts to get his wife to like him back again following the breakup of their first marriage. He has been married four years to Kang Soo-jin

A love story between a heiress who believes that she's the only one who understands his entire life and she tries to save him by using every trick in her arsenal. Oh Hyun-nui

The heir of a wealthy family becomes the country's top spy after defecting from the Japanese Empire. He gets there by joining the National Intelligence Service (South Korea) and learning Japanese. His primary mission is to discover the location of hidden Japanese agents in South Korea and to prevent the agents from leaking state secrets. He also helps Sabah

After the death of her parents

Cha Ji-won is a popular TV news anchor who seemingly has it all: good looks and brains

Kang Hyun-Woo is a U.S. Marine Corps veteran who joined the National Intelligence Service (South Korea) because he had a childhood trauma

Former secret agent Baek Shi Yoon captured the horrific crime drama The Jin-eum

The series follows the story of a genius logician

Lee Jung-hwa (Kim Hye-Ok) comes from a wealthy family and she is bright and brave despite the situation in her family. She doesn't have the best grades and gets into many fights. One day

A story about trick or treating and flim-flam artists. It is loosely based on the biblical story of Adam and Eve. 

Yoon San (Lee Seung-Gi) works as an officer in the army of his cousin King Dongseong. He is in love with Chae-hwa

The series follows the story of trick or treating and the beautician community in Korea. One day

Kang Mi-rae is a beautiful and smart young woman who works part-time for a broadcasting company

Kang Mi-rae was brought up in a wealthy family. On the day she marries Kang Soo-so

Min Tae-yeon is a talented chef who had a childhood trauma. He was abused as a child by his stepmother

The story of trick or treating and brash

In his youth

Go Eun-nim (Gong Hyo-jin) was born into a rich family and educated at a top-tier public university. He now works as a playwright and uses his power to speak to the dead. Hyun Gi-seok (Shin Se-

 of his father is a genius and has gone to great lengths to prove it. He has taken medication to suppress his sexual desire and has an abortion. Despite seeming cold and unfeeling

Yoon Jung-eun is a woman who works as a tour guide in Bali. She leads a charmed life; on one hand

The series explores the relationship of two people as they go from being merely acquaintances

The series begins with Han Se-kyung

It is a love story between a heiress who tries to save her father's legacy

The story of Lee Su-kyung

The Grannies are about a group of young women who have grown up together over the years and care for each other. The Grannies themselves are unaware of their identity as it will harm their growing family.

A love story between a heiress who seeks happiness in a life full of failures and finds happiness in a life full of successes.

The Grannies are drawn to a heiress who speaks of a fairy tale world full of colourful characters

Hei Rob is a fortune teller and café owner who goes by the name of Madame Antoine. She claims her fortune-telling abilities are based on a spiritual connection with the famous French queen Marie Antoinette. The gang decides to get married and settle down to become a family.

PG Chang-wook (Kim Nam-joo) is a 39-year-old man who works as a cook at La Sfera restaurant. He is a firm believer in reincarnation and gets very excited when he finds out that his restaurant will become a temple for the Sunwoo movement (Han Ji-won)." He then gets the shocking news that his restaurant will become a nunnery in the 19th century.

PG's first love

Oh Ji-ho (Yoon Shi-yoon) is a food critic who writes mainly about food. But she also writes novels and teaches cooking. Her love story centres around a young man named Jung Soo-reum (Chun Jung-myung)

The series tells the story of two half-brothers from separate mothers but share the same father. They grow up living under the same roof but spend most of their time dreaming of someday marrying and having children. When the bright and optimistic Jung Eun-hye (Kim Hee-sun) finally gives birth to her daughter

Kim Hee-sun is the eldest among four sisters living with their grandmother. She is the only one who never has been to school

The dream is that of a perfect society in which all members of society are treated equally under the law. The Dream Queen is the most beautiful in the courtroom

During the Joseon Dynasty

The series tells the story of the Baekje people of South Korea

The series depicts the lives of Korean Americans in the United States through the ages.

Yoon Hee-sook (Park Hee-jung) is a South Korean scientist who marries an American scientist husband

The series tells the story of Detective Baek Jin-sook (Yoon Eun-hye) 

The series depicts a world where humans and vampires coexist

Kang Ji-yoon is a genius who solves crimes using his psychic abilities

Maeng Ye-soon and Jo Aeng-doo have been married

 separate the wayward minister

A string of murders brings together a conflicted detective

Yoon Jae-in (Park Min-young) is a seasoned prosecutor who has to decide which cases to pursue and which ones to drop. With the help of his friend and foe

Na In-jae (Jang Na-ra) is a naive girl who works at her family's restaurant and is already suffering from family illness. When her father agrees to let her stay at home with her brother

Youngil (first season) revolves around a group of boys and girls in their early twenties

The series tells the story of a human embryo that has been given the power to see humans 20 years later.

Due to an accident which killed his father

A prosecutor and a criminal profiler work together in their attempts to decipher the secrets behind various mysterious items which have special powers.

Moon Gang-tae (Kim Soo-hyun) lives with his older brother Moon Sang-tae (Oh Jung-se) who has autism. The two learn the joys and hardships of being 23-year-olds living in the world of musical theatre

A woman whose name is written in blood gets involved in a scandal with top star Yeon Yoo.

And so begins a webtoon series about a middle school teacher Cha Song-joo (Park Sang-myun) who gets involved in a scandal with top actress Yoon Yoo-jung (Yoon Eun-hye) for inexplicable reasons. The two sign a contract where they have to pretend to be in love to achieve their mutual goals.

Cheerful and flighty high school senior Seo Eun-min (Lee Young-ah) meets Tae-kyeong (Hong Kyung-min)

Best friends that are like brothers Kim Hyun-jun (Lee Byung-hun) and Kim Kyung-rin (Hong Kyung-min)

When 35-year-old Park Dong-jae (Lee Bo-young) suddenly becomes disabled after undergoing plastic surgery

Unable to work because of a plastic defect

Jang Ha-young (Kang Hae-in) and Kim Hye-na (Kang Hae-in) are closest friends

A light heartwarming story about family members that is loosely based on the life of Kit Harington.

When 57-year-old Lee Kang-woo (Park Geun-hye) suddenly has an opportunity to become a prosecutor

Going against the grain of society

Bright and efficient prosecution lawyer Kang Young-soo (Yoo Dong-sub) is recognized for her excellent work in courthouse security. When her client is accused of murder

Choi Young-Jin (Gong Yoo) ends up at a restaurant with his sister-in-law

Go Soo was born as the third prince of the former republic

The behavior of prosecutors and judges in the chaotic society of the former Soviet Union

The drama centers on a group of thieves who face judicial challenges in front of a live audience as they try to deliver justice for their clients.

Jin Jin-drug (Lee Byung-hun) becomes the legal heir of a powerful family who has squabbled with the Tung family for

 the child's birth. He then marries an American woman and they have a son but before they are able to say their final goodbye

During a total solar eclipse

Yoon Jae-in (Park In-hwan) is a normal college student

Han Seo-il (Kim Ji-se) is a hardworking

Soft Heart is the story of a peaceful

The plot revolves around the life of Lee Ji-soo (Choi Woo-shik)

The story of a swordsman who faces with the need to protect the precious value of life and deals with his past relationships

The series gives rise to several memorable fantasy names

The fantasy story begins with fantasy novelist Lee Shi-kyung (Kim Hyun-se)

Cha Woo-kyung (Kim Ki-bum) is a swordsman for the Chinese Academy of Martial Arts. He is a bit arrogant and/or twisted

The series depicts a chaotic

The story of a man who becomes a police investigator in order to uncover the truth behind industrial accidents. It also factors in real life occupational hazard events that happened to real South Korean citizens by tailoring the drama to the real life event.

Also known as Dowager Boy

This is a man who's beyond saving. By the time he meets Lee Yoo-jung (Bea Hayden)

Soar over 20,000 feet in the air as you glide down to your final destination

The drama focuses on the life and relationships of a group of university students

Han Seo-yeon is a bright woman. She supports her boyfriend Tae-kyung by having an affair. But when Seo-yeon's boyfriend gets her pregnant (with Tae-kyung)

Set during the reign of King Sukjong in the Joseon dynasty

During one of the most repressive times in Korea

Stories about Cho Seok's (Jung Hae-Won) adventures with her family and his wife Aebong (Jung So-min).

Kang Geum-hwa (Chae Soo-Bin) is a counselor who caters to children. She lives with her great-grandmother and grandmother

Jang Mi-ri (Chae Sun-young) is a headstrong young woman who is driven by the desire to prove herself and against the weight gain of her past relationships. In the struggle to prove herself and gain the respect of others

Lee Kang-rim (Choi Daniel) is a trading card designer who has been working at a trading card shop for one year. For the past year

The drama focuses on the life and relationships of a group of university students

Han Se-kyung (Uee) is a bright woman. She supports her boyfriend Tae-joon (Seo Jun-young)

The Han Se-chi relationship is complicated by the fact that while Se-kyung is emotionally distant from her husband

The stories in Seo Yi-young's (Cha Woo-won) house are all based on real-life events. For example

Joon-Yeon (Lee Min-ho) and Woo-ri (Lee Yeon-sung) were born  on the same hour on the same day as half sisters. Anjum and Joon-Young are both 9 years old and have different looks; Jung-woo is a girl in a club called ""Belle Epoque"" and Jae-won is a boy in a group called ""Boys' Club"" (Jung Yu-mi is in the group and so is Joon-young). Anjum grew up in an orphanage and became a prosecutor

The friendship and love stories of a group of friends who have known each other for 20 years.

Yoon Jae-in (Lee Sung-Kyung) is a prosecutor at Seoul Central District Prosecutors' Office. He is married to Park Min-young (Kim Ji-won) who was his childhood friend and first love. He does not have an unrequited life with Yoon-woo

The story of a prosecutor who gets bitten and becomes a vampire.

Lee Yi-han (Won Jin-hye) is a prosecutor at Seoul Central District Prosecutors' Office who has risen through the ranks of the law enforcement bureaucracy. He is not only a prosecutor but also a doctor and a vampire. Despite having a weak will and feelings of inadequacy

A woman who identifies as a fraud and a womanizer goes undercover as substitute teacher Dong Goo-hyun at an elite private high school to investigate the suspicious death of a female student.

The story of a woman who uses fraud to get around her housing problems and also as a means to gain access to various  Ji Chan san dishes.

Cha Woo-hyun is a first year resident assigned to the house of a wealthy housewife

Yeon Woo-jin (Chun Jung-myung) is an innocent housewife who is engaged to a top acting star

Home movies revealed that Lee Min-kyung (Jung Kyung-soo) is the top student at SM University. In addition

Home movies also showed that Eun-hwan (Choi Jin-sil) had an affair as a youth and that he was unfaithful to his wife

In the midst of investigating a serial murder case

Serial killer Han Ji-hyuk (Yoo Jun-myeon) is a maniacal pervert who engages in sadomasochistic acts with multiple women. He becomes a devout Christian during the course of the investigation. One day

Jang Ki-joon (So Ji-sub) is a hardworking nurse who is happily married with two children. But when she receives a message for an interview

It is a story about a doctor and a con man who became teachers after going through many ups and downs in their lives. All of a sudden

The story of a doctor who becomes a police detective and sorts out his misfortunes along the way.

Go Hee-su (Heo Jin-woo) is the granddaughter of Chairwoman Shin (Kim Hee-ae) of Dong-in Foods. Raised by her grandfather and father

During the administration of President Seongjo (Myung Soo) in the 1970s and 1980s

The story of a woman who joins the National Assembly and teams up with a detective to save her husband after he abruptly disappears following the sudden death of her father.

Meet the Robust and Finicky

The story of a woman who joins the National Assembly and teams up with a detective to save her father

 Minai's (Hwang Jung-eum) family is anandalistic and abusive at their core. Love comes in all forms - from the cold and the hard - and these three men become father and mother to Kim Bok joo

Jin Do-hyuk (Lee Joon-gi) lost his parents at an early age

Park Bong-pal (Ok Taec-yeon) and Lee Won-gi (Lee Min-young) are brothers by blood but parents by different mothers. Raised by the same maternal grandmother

A story about a girl Nan-hee and her ambitious mother

Dae-chi (Kim Nam-joo) lives with her timid and vulnerable twin sister Eun-chan (Kim So-yeon)

The series is a coming of age story about Crown Prince

After his mother was murdered in front of him by the Thai Qing Faction's gangster Mao

Go Eun-sung (So Ji-sub) is a bright and fluid young man who lives with his older brother Sung-rok. They often move from town to town ever since their parents were killed in a terrorist attack

A story about a con man

Cha Eun-woo (Kim Nam-joo) is a wealthy man with a prickly demeanor who develops a supernatural ability - his anger and mental pain manifest as knives sprouting from his body

Sung Mi-rae is a very independent woman who has a dry sense of humor and a violent temper. She has a lifelong dream of becoming a dancer

After overcoming poverty and a difficult childhood

A light hearted romantic comedy that revolves around a con man

The story of a con man who goes to extraordinary lengths to obtain what he wants. Amongst other things

A story about a woman who goes out with her childhood boyfriend (Chun Jung-hyun). While out walking with her mother

A story about a con man who buys a house and marry a woman who'd rather sell her soul

A story about a woman who joins the National Assembly and teams up with a criminal profiler to catch criminals of both sexes.

The story of a housewife who stays at the beach and her family's dilapidated mansion. She sustains a broken hearted family by selling flowers and curtains to support her broke father

A story about a con man

Top actor Oh Soo-hyun (Oh Ji-won) is deeply in love with his younger sister Oh Ha-na (Kim Ji-won) but suffer fools with his big love Yoon-hee (So Ji-won) and loses his parents at an early age. While in his youth Oh Soo-hyun was accused of murder and served 20 years in prison

A story about a woman who joins the National Assembly and teams up with a criminal profiler

Joo Seo-yeon (Kim Nam-joo) is a 39-year-old woman who's been single for 10 years. Her husband Tae-kyung has been a housewife for five years. Seo-yeon missed out on her childhood because she was busy taking care of her parents. She missed out on her adolescence because she was too busy taking care of her dad. In high school

Jung Ji-hyun (Yoo Jun-hye) is a 39-year-old introverted writer of webtoons.

The show is set in a hospital that houses both Western and Eastern medicine traditions. Seung-hyun and Doo-hyun are two ancient characters who both preach the same gospel: Love conquers all. It begins a year after Seung-hyun and Doo-hyun disappear from the face of the earth after experiencing heartbreak. Seung-hyun joins forces with his childhood friend Doo-hyun and journey to seek revenge.

This drama is about a skilled doctor who becomes the first ever "true" doctor in the history of surgery

Yoo Hye-chan (Park Sun-young) is a cheerful

Throughout her youth

The series centres around the lives of housewives living in a luxurious residential area called SKY Castle in suburban Seoul

Sky Crawls Home is about a drama that tells the story of housewives who end up losing their homes and/or their lives as they squander their inheritance. It is loosely based on the life of Cheo Yeon-seo (Go Yeon-seo)

About a man who has four children: a mother who lives with her children; a father who supports all four children; a younger sister who lives with her mother; and a younger brother who lives with his younger sister.

Growing up in a poor family

The series follows Kang Yi-kyung

Yeon-soo (Kim Hye-soo) has a bright and positive personality. Since her father died

After spending two years teaching in the country

Yoon Jae-in and Lee Da-in (Lee Da-in) are childhood friends who first meet after falling off a cliff.

The series follows Jae-in and Yeon (Lee Da-in)

It is a story about family members who frequently work together to achieve their dreams. Shin Do-young is an angel who saves the day for her mother in love; Park Jin-seo is a former cop who helps solve cases; and Yeon Jeong-hyeon is a former police investigator who helps solve cases. All are named after precious people: Wang Yi-ho (Song Seung-heon)

Since they are both from the same wealthy family

The series tells the story of the hair stylists and interns at hair salon named 'Fly Up Butterfly'

Yoon Shi-hyuk (Kim Tae-hee) is a ""gumiho"" (or nine-tailed fox) living undercover in the human world. She has a dark past when her whole family was massacred

Jung Hae-jung is the eldest of four sisters

When Japan invaded Korea

Baek Joong-won once saved the vampire Ehwa from being burned at the stake by his fellow villagers. While attempting to flee the village of Incheon

Based on the 2001 film

A coming of age story about young people in their twenties and the problems they face in university. Nam Soo-hyun and Yeon Joo

Han Ji-eun (Song Hye-kyo)

A hapkido teacher named Jang Man-ok (Hwang Jung-eum; Man-ok means ""full house"" in Hanja) poses

As an orphan raised by his widowed father and loved ones, Kim Do-hyun (Lee Moon-gi) learns to work as a craftsman and sets out to make his own way. In the process

Yeon-soo has a bright and positive personality. Since her father died

A heartwarming story about family members who cannot hate each other even when they want to.

Kim Shin Do-won (Kim Sun-a) is a selfless soul who gives up everything to become a great singer. He wants to marry a young woman to express his true feelings and not because of their children (who are away at college at the time)

A heartwarming story about a man who loses everything and begins a journey to recover his daughter's memory.

Yoon Tae-soo (Chun Jung-myung) is a genius with an IQ of 200 and the youngest editor of a fashion magazine. He is cold and unfeeling

A heartwarming story about family members who cannot hate each other even when they want to.

Kim Jung-ae (Kim Hye-sang) is a selfless soul that gives up everything to become a mother. She gives up her life because she feels she cannot give it to her daughter. She is fortunate in that she has three grown children and relies on them greatly.

A heartwarming story about a girl that was brought up by her mother and grandmother because her parents could not afford to support her growing up. Because of this she is forced to work as a prostitute all her life. She returns to her old habits as she has grown older and better. Her goal is to become a successful prostitute like her dead father. She hurts her wrists and faces every time she sneezes. Her sobriety stems from years of abusing alcohol and drugs. She tries to quit cold turkey but her life depends on the customers she keeps returning. She hates losing and is bitter because she feels she has nothing to show for it. She is vain

A heartwarming story about a girl that was brought up by her mother and grandmother because her parents could not afford to support her growing up. Because of this she is forced to work as a prostitute all her life

Yeon-hee and her elder sister Tae-hee were born into a one-parent family; their mother having died giving birth to Yoon-hee. Their father Seo-jin was killed in a car accident and his family separated. Yoon-hee and Seo-jin were raised by their mother as her sole care. As a result

Cold Case Posse is a Korean professional sleuth group that uncovers the truth behind the death of a prosecutor who is under investigation for murdering his wife. One day

For over three decades

Han Yoo-il Choi (Kim Young-kwang) has been a ghost since he died in a car accident five years ago. Through a reincarnation project

Gu Ae-jung (Gong Hyo-jin) was the most popular member of girl group Kukbo Sonyeo

A realistic drama about the thrills and sadness of working women in their 30s

In Sony's world

The story of an unfortunate lawyer who defends innocent clients involved in scandal.

Yook Dong-sik (Park Seo-joon)

Park Si-on (Jang Na-ra) is a 35-year-old woman whose life turns upside down after she accidentally becomes pregnant with the child of her younger co-worker**. As her punishment

When 52

He is also responsible for creating the look of the popular variety show

After the accident of Ju-hee's parents

Yi San dramatizes the life of Korea's King Jeongjo

The series tells the story of two completely different men whose lives are changed forever when they meet when their parents remarry in a life-threatening situation

Cha Soon-bong (Yoo Dong-geun) is a doctor specializing in hepato-pancreato-biliary surgery in the best cancer research hospital in the country. He is also a vampire. Despite seeming cold and unfeeling

Yoon Tae-pilsae is a fortune teller and café owner who goes by the name of Madame Antoine. She claims her fortune-telling abilities are based on a spiritual connection with the famous French queen Marie Antoinette. By her own admission

The drama is a love story between a man who meets a beautiful woman

The drama revolves around the romance between a woman named Oh Tae-ji (Kim Sun-a)

The story of a detective who becomes entangled in a powerful mystery

The drama centers on the romance between a man named Oh Gu-tak (Yoon Kye-sang)

Jung Deok-chul (Lee Bo-young) was born into a family of nine siblings. His mother raised him as her own daughter

The drama reflects the lives of the three generations of children in the Shim La-di neighborhood of Joon-poong.

In order to boost her flagging popularity

Lee Jung-hee (Park Soon-young) is the only daughter of a family who owns a lingerie factory. Her hair is styled by her fashion designer father Chang Da-hoon (Lee Bo-young). She has always wanted to be a designer

The series follows the lives of people in the world of fashion

In a satirical drama

The story of a blind man who became a bookstore director in a bookstore that had been designated a cultural asset in the city of Joon-poong.

The story of Yoon Tae-sung

The romance between princess Hye-na and her vain mother

In the present day

The dating agency that Hye-na had used previously turns out to be involved in a horrific fraud case

The series revolves around Hye-na

Four single people: for whom the love is not in their life but rather waiting for the right moment to strike... or just wanting to have a baby of their own

The series is a coming of age story about Crown Prince

After discovering her husband's affair

Set in the Joseon dynasty

Kim Da-Hyun is just a regular guy who works part-time for a semiconductor manufacturer

Maeng Hee-chi (Lee Min-ho) is the second daughter of a family who owns a lingerie factory. She leads a group of teenage girls

Set in an alternate Joseonend

Kim Bok joo (Park Hae-jin)

A mysterious man (Yoon Park) sits at the core of a drama about a young man who finds his true love and falls in love with a college educated woman.

The story of a group of highly trained profilers in the drama department of the fictional Kwanghee University Hospital.

The series tells the story of fake marriage in a hospital.* Joo Yeol-mae was the CEO of a trading company that allowed traders to book seats in its crowded flea market. In the blink of an eye

Anchi 1.0 was a webtoon about a boy who finds his own happiness through playing the ukulele and a girl who is emotionally stunted by the stress of being told she's not beautiful enough. It was released in 2009 by the webtoon publishing company Smilegate Entertainment. The story was adapted into a TV series in 2010. It tells the story of a boy who finds his happiness through playing the kung-fu game and a girl who is emotionally stunted by the stress of being asked to marry a rich man. It was released in 2013 by MacLeese Group. The story was adapted into a movie starring Lee Jeok in 2015. It tells the story of two people who couldn't be together after twenty years. For the past six years

After an unexpected family tragedy

The story of a group of students on a trip to visit a distant island.

Based on the real-life Mariano Ribera

Napoli leads a group of friends on a trip to Napoli. They come under attack by a maniacal woman named Han Ji-min (Kim So-min) who wants to eat all of them. Napoli easily dodges the evil witch Han Ji-min (Kim So-min) by using only her four fingers. However

Go Yi-han (Yoon Kye-sang) is a genius with an IQ of 200 and the youngest editor of a fashion magazine. He works part-time for a cosmetics brand

Gong Shim (Bae Jong-wan) has been a ghost since his friend Yoon Jung-suk (Lee Joon-young) died in a tragic accident five years ago. Even though he has the ability to see ghosts

The series revolves around a single mother who raises her young son while she juggles a husband and four daughters. Her son is Chun-woo; her daughter is Corento. Despite the situation in her family

It tells the story of a gifted young man

The drama revolves around a girl's journey to become a successful singer. She does this by learning Italian and writing music. The music she writes is a love song to her one true love

The Jang family owns a dance company

Maeng Ye-soon (Seo In-guk) is a cheerful and bright girl. She leads a group of highly trained assassins

Park Ji-Sung (Ji Chang-wook) is a doctor specializing in hepato-pancreato-biliary surgery in the best cancer research hospital in the country. He is also a vampire. Despite seeming cold and unfeeling

The series begins at the end of the previous novel

Maeng Yi-Jun is a middle-aged housewife

Ma Jung-woo is a hopeless romantic who has been a ghost since his wife died in a tragic accident five years ago. When he gets a letter from his late wife requesting a divorce

Go Jung-hoon is a normal college studentend

en and her group of friends. One day

A group of math teachers are forced to take math tests after being wrongly accused of being involved in a school plot. Will Ockten (Eric Mun) and John Munny (Danny Aiello) are the only two who stand a chance against overwhelming odds

A gifted young man learns Math as his mother teaches him the meaning of life and works as an assassin. He then decides to join the American Embassy in Seoul and becomes a spy.

In 1968

The story of two women's relationships with their daughters.

Seo Young-Jin (Kim Ji-young) is the second daughter of a family who owns a lingerie factory. She leads a group of teenage girls

Jin-woo and Jo Jung-eun (Park Shin-young) meet one day at the Jo Jung-eun shopping center and become immediately attracted to each other. They fall in love after subsequent meetings

The story of a fashion tycoon and his nine children.

The story of seven students and teachers who run an enfant terrible (陷定) school./noframe

Seo Yoo-na (비이화) (U-K) is a fashion designer. She has dream of becoming a top designer like her dead father. She wants to make people around her happy

A film about a man who entered a deep black hole and emerged as a celestial being

The story of a doctor who tries to find his true identity and love after several life-threatening illnesses

The story of a pre-Reyna world where cultures diverged dramatically in terms of architecture and art styles. Culturally, architecture was a powerful and wealthy cultural phenomenon that spread across the landscape of Central Park and beyond in search of cultural relevance. The MC group is making a film about their experiences making films and sharing experiences made by others. The MC group is making a movie about themselves. They are not related and are looking for love.

A high school student named Lee Jin-woo (Inna Park) would do anything for her childhood sweetheart Soo-jung (Kim Ji-won). When Soo-jung's family falls on hard times

Kang Pil-joo (Jin Jin-woo) is a successful director of an animation studio. He is in love with his own passionate love

Punch is a record of the last six months of Park Chan-hong's life. He is the chief of the anti-terrorist squad.

Kang Pil-joo (Jin Jin-woo) takes a gamble with his life when he agrees to work as an envoy for the King of Jordan. His move will allow him to return to his love Park Chan-hong had while he was a police officer and to start anew from the bottom

The series tells the story of two teenagers who unexpectedly find themselves wed in a car while trying to evade capture. They spend six months trying to overcome their unwinnable wedding season

It is a dramatic retelling of the love story between Princess Pyeonggang and On Dok-er

Lee Young-Jin (Park Jin-hee) has been a ghost since she died in a tragic accident five years ago. After meeting him once

A descendant of a family who once thrived in the countryside and filling a void in its heart

The story follows an orphaned doctor (Jin Joo) who comes to Sunnydale High School to take his punishment

As a single

Lee Jin-soo (이루는) was able to gain admission to the top private high school in Seoul but was turned down due to financial difficulties. After overcoming this setback

Choi Soo-ah (Bae Su-hyang) is an accountant whose father is a millionaire

Go Hye-rim (Lee Min-jung) is a waitress at a casual dinner restaurant and is in love with her younger co-worker Park Dong-shim (Kim Seul-gi)

Shim Cheong-yi

The series follows the story of a pharmacist who becomes a spy for the North Korean government.

This drama follows the story of a woman who becomes a widow after losing a bet

Im Sang-woo and his family move from Seoul to the suburb of Muji County

A grand piano concerto penned by Oh Se-yeong

Brilliant piano player and composer Yoon Ji-ho (Ji Sung)

Lee Roo-ri (Seo Hyun-min) is a former mercenary soldier for the PMC Blackstone. While in Iraq

The leader of South Korea's anti-UNIT

A romantic comedy about a once-popular pre-war spy agency

Moon Gang-tae (Kim Soo-hyun) is a former police officer and leader of the Moonlight Police Department. He gets to know some of his old friends and foe during his ten-year undercover mission.

Since Lee Roo-ri is no longer needed as a police officer due to her superior talents

The PMC Blackstone is a private detective agency that primarily works for wealthy clients.

Ra-hee and Yoo-mi are two people with vastly different backgrounds. Ra-hee is a daughter from a rich family who faces problems regarding her mother's gambling habits and affairs with multiple men; while Oo-mi is a daughter from a poor family of farmers

The two main characters of this story are Chen Ba-chan (Kim Byung-se) and Not-So-Ru (Jeong Yu-mi)

The name Ha Ryu means ""a child flown from heaven."" He was given this name by the nun who first found him in front of an orphanage in front of 200 people. (And that's only if you include the time she spends looking for him in the middle of the night.)"

A romantic comedy about a once-popular first generation girl-group 

Kang Pil-joo (Seo Hyun-kyung) is the leader of the South Korean idol group Mobius. He also happens to be an orphan with hardly any recollection of his past or true identity

In the year 2000

The story about an ordinary prosecutor Kang In-gu who gets thrust into theJung Ryeong case after his colleague Constable In-jae is poisoned with cyanide. In-jae desperately wants to get to the bottom of the case so she can protect her husband and child

A story about a woman who married a corrupt police officer and became a corrupt police officer herself. This Choi Kang-woo story begins after the two complete their shifts of duty and is written in the same style as Oh Byul

And now

Set in Korea Naval Base

The drama is based on the historical fact of the evacuation of U.S. troops from Japan during the American occupation (1891–1945). The drama is about the transition from warlord to plebeian King.

Yoon Jae-in (Choi Jin-sil) is a decorated warlord. He is a high-ranking military commander who enters into a power game with his top lieutenants when he realises he is facing serious opposition from his superior ranks. In the midst of a pitched battle

Lee Su-ha is about a child and her mother who end up living together after their respective countries are torn apart by war. The child is Ne Sumer (Im Soo-hyang)

The series is about the interactions between a celebrity chef and a celebrity in the entertainment industry.

Seo Dong-jo (Park Jin-hee) is a 30-year-old single man who works as a set designer. He likes being single and has no plans to get married. Meanwhile

Jang Dong-chan (Yoo Ji-sub) is a Korean military psychologist who serves in the National Guard. He is a perfectionist in every sense of the word

In the fictional city of Los Angeles

It is a story about the romance of a man who 'buys' a house and a woman who 'lives' in the house. Na Young-ho (Kim Ji-hyun) is an artist who paints houses. Her father is a police officer and her mother is a homemaker. Naïsé is the daughter of a family that lives in an apartment building. Naïsé is a girl who 'lives' inside the family art gallery. Although her name sounds familiar

The story is about a doctor who 'buys' a house and a woman who 'lives' in the house. Han Seo-yeon (Kim Ji-hyun) is a former military intelligence agent

A criminal profiler Park Kwon (Lee Sung-kyung) once told Yoo Hye-rim (Kim Ji-won) that she was 'too pretty' to be a legitimate reporter. With her new found status

After a terrorist bombing of a volleyball arena

The story is about a group of youngsters being pushed into society and the people around them.

The story is about a group of youngsters being pushed into society and the people around them.

In order to better their futures

Jung Yi-hyun is a special effects makeup artist. She is secretly dating the popular actor Ma Dong-chan (Hong Jong-hyun) who she met at a music festival and quickly developed a relationship with. She secretly harbored a secret love for him and thought about marrying him but could not due to academic difficulties. She filed for divorce from him after realizing that he was unfaithful to his wife. Her lawsuit is still pending.

A prison escapee and mastermind of a successful heist group escapes from a maximum security prison. He is pursued by the SPY (Special Service Group)

Yoon Bok-hee (Choi Yoon Jin-hee) is a fashion designer. She has a strong fashion sense and is capable of wearing any style she wants. Her mother tells her that she should be careful around others due to her looks. She often disguises herself as a teacher to steal things from other students. She is later revealed to be the daughter of a rich man

Jung Mi-soo (Choi Ji-woo) is a fashion designer. She has a bright personality and is very loyal to her husband

Breath of The North Star

The stories of two women whose destinies are changed forever when after an experiment gone awry

The series begins at the end of the drama and travels to different parts of South Korea to tell the stories of the

Shim Deok-chul (Park Jun-young) is the vice-chairman of a major corporation. His world is shaken when

Soo-young divorces her husband Han-joon legally due to his business troubles

In the blink of an eye

Jin-ae (Eugene) works hard to make money only to end up spending it on her family

When she was young

The story is about a group of young doctors who provide medical care to the locals who live in rural villages via a doctor'ship. Yu Ja-seong (Jung Joon-ho) used to be a Marine; he served in the south Pacific during the G-2 and G-Star wars.

Mystery Children is about a group of young people who look very much like each other. The clones are meant to be antithetical to each other

The stories of overworked medics and the frustrations of working women in their 30s.

The stories of series revolves around the story of medics and nurses working at YMCA. The stories between the doctors and the patients of the hospital

In the year 1994

Jin-ae (Lee Min-kyu) is anxiously watching over her pregnant friend Jung-woo (Kim Ah-joong) due to the baby's unique medical condition. When Jung-woo's pregnant friend tells the pregnant woman that she doesn't want a baby and starts sobbing due to the constant stomach ache

At the orphanage where he works

A year following the events of the first season

The scenario intertwines two storylines. One of them occurs in a ""nowadays"" placed in the early 19th century of Joseon. The other occurred twenty years before (white horse year

After her husband leaves her and their son due to financial problems

About a middle class family that lives on the outskirts of Seoul that consists of the wife

The show is about a skilled lawyer who often helps the president of the Korea Federation of Islamic Organizations

Based on the Bible

As a gift

Kang Geum-hwa (Kim Hye-jung)

Iljimae (Jung Il-woo) was born out of wedlock and his father was a high-ranking noble official while his mother was a lowly servant. To protect the honor of his father's family

A scion of a chicken breed raised by his abused and frightened mother. He becomes the reincarnation of a firefly that had the misfortune of existing in the first place. Firefly searches for his parents

Ni eun-ho (Song Hye-jin) is in an unhappy marriage with Kang Sae-yeon (Kim Hye-jin)

A scion of a chicken breed raised by his abused and frightened mother. He becomes the reincarnation of a firefly that had

With their new found power

The drama follows a group of highly trained profilers in the fictional National Criminal Investigation (NCI) team who track down criminals to solve cases. It begins a year after a crucial error results in a bomb detonating at a hospital

A gifted young man learns medicine out of a desire to avenge his father who was brutally murdered fifteen years ago.

Na In-jung struggles with her love between the rather cold and rebellious Yong-ki and a successful businessman

Na Ae-ra grew up believing she was born to be only pretty and not smart. While working at her family's restaurant

Lee Hae-sung (Kim Young-kwang) is a surgeon who is transferred from one of the best hospitals in Seoul to a rundown hospital with no ER. After disobeying his previous hospital director

The story is set in Korea during the reigns of King Seongjong (1457–1494)

Oh Dal-ja is a managing director at a home shopping network. 33 years old and single

Chae-ok is the daughter  of a nobleman

Dandelion Family covers the lives of three sisters.

When everything you believed in for your entire life turns out to be a devastating lie

Ji Soon-young loses her husband

This drama is about a dating agency that orchestrates romantic scenarios for paying clients

The story of a genius logician

When she was very young

The stories between friends in their last years of life

Things are turned upside down in the search for ""M"" when an anonymous confession is published on Seoyeon University's student forum. Coming from different departments of the university

Early in his reign

A divorced couple become next-door neighbors.

A high school graduate yet full of zest and keen sense of justice managed to pass the bar examination to be a qualified barrister-at-law against miscarriage of justice

The drama is about two families that operate rival Chinese food restaurants

Yoo Si-jin (Song Joong-ki) is the captain of a South Korean Special Forces unit. He and his friend Master Sergeant Seo Dae-young (Jin Goo) are off-duty when they witness a young man stealing a motorcycle and apprehend him. The thief

Park Mu-jin (Ji Jin-hee) is the South Korean Minister of Environment

Based on real-life cases

Kang Yo-han is a head trial judge who punishes the dishonest in the courtroom with no mercy

The strange but beautiful love story of a genius doctor who suffers from ""Cinderella Memory Disorder"" in which the memories of the previous day disappear at twelve o'clock and a washed-up actress.

Prince Rin found himself orphan when his father the king

The stories of overworked prosecutors' daily lives in the fictional city of Jinyoung.

Jae-ho and

--eun) has a certain unrequited love that blossoms into love in the face of unimaginable tragedy.

The drama follows a group of highly trained profilers in the fictional National Criminal Investigation (NCI) team who track down criminals to solve cases. It begins a year after a crucial error results in a bomb detonating at a hospital

Na In-jung is a hospital cafeteria nutritionist with a bright personality

Na Ae-ra was born with superhuman strength and memory. Her parents

The story revolves around the life of a food stylist and waitress who goes above and beyond to serve her clients with style and grace. Seo Kwon-young (Lee Ha-na) works at a hotel food stylist training school

Lee Seo-jung (Soo Ji-woo) is a music composer

The series tells the story of a food stylist and a woman who wants to become a top chef. They get to know each other and become the closest of friends but fall out frequently as they both harbor legitimate cooking desires

The show is set in a hospital that houses both Western and Eastern medicine traditions. Seo Hyun-wook (Jung So-min) is a Korean businessman who immigrated to the United States in 1990. His business acumen and flashy tastes have always drawn him to the United States

Even though Goo Hae-jin (Kim Hye-jin) is smart and beautiful

Roommate Lee (Kim Nam-joo) is a boring normal school girl

She suddenly has to take over running her family's restaurant Chopper after her parents die in a tragic accident. They have given up their daughter for adoption

Ji Soon-young (Kim Ha-neul) is the eldest of four sisters

When her father Ji Chang-hee (Choi Tae-shing) abdicated his post as the CEO of the chaebol and headed to Taiwan

The narrative jumps from the start of the Go family's restaurant Chopper to the end of the series when Gu Gu-jung (Kim Min-joon) becomes the CEO of the company she works at.

This is a romance about a handsome

Rural-born Jang Ki-joon (So Ji-sub) moves to Seoul to be a school nurse for the first time. He has no previous experience in this area so he gets swept up in a series of misunderstandings and events that occurs during his first day at work. This is a romantic-comedy about two intelligent and successful women who get caught up in a rapid-fire social media game and compete to become #1 on Veetue

Kim Is a Genius follows the peculiar happenings at Fisher-King

The ₩20 billion-budget historical drama charts the life of Kim Su-ro

Even though times change and our relationships with our family changes

Lee Kang-san (Park Jin-hee) and Lee Woo-joo (Lee Ho-young) are sisters who suddenly have to take over running their family's traditional kimchi restaurant Chunjiin (""Heaven

The name Ha-joon (Ji Moon-woo) comes to us from a mid-range army officer

The name Park (Kai) comes to us from a historical document

The story revolves around a group of young doctors who provide medical care to the residents of This Old House

 Lee-soo (Park Seo-hee)

Shin Hye-joo (Jang Nara) is the eldest among four orphaned siblings living with their grandmother (Jang So-min). Shin' broke the family's then-historic tab forgery on purpose

In the blink of an eye

Set in South Korea

1952 is a futuristic alternate

This Korean drama is based on the Korean folktale a class=""mw-redirect"" href=""/wiki/Kongji_and_Patzzi"" title=""Kongji and Patzzi""Kongji and Patzzi/a

Jeon Sook-yeon (Ha Hee-ra) is the CEO of a talent agency that scouts and trains idols. She also happens to be an alien visiting Earth on vacation. Due to a misunderstanding between the two

Go Se-yeon (Jung Kyung-ho) is the vice president of the luxurious Mona Lisa Hotel. When she meets a poor girl named Eun Hee-soo (Jung So-min)

A romantic comedy that depicts the daily lives of a young man and woman who embrace their life together despite many trials and hardships along the way.

This drama is about a dating agency that scouts out for talented candidates and hires qualified people for positions in its organisation. It also explores the different paths a person can take after achieving their goals.

A story about Hwan-dong (Seo Hyun-wook)

The story of Ji Eun-wook (Yoo Eun-jung)

Yoo Eun-ji (Park So-dam) is an autistic savant who was left by his birth-mother under the care of Kim Tae-shik and his wife Park Soo-jin (Park So-dam) when he was very young. His ability to see things that a normal human eye can see is enhanced to such an extent that he can even see ultraviolet light.

During a total solar eclipse

Oh Hyun-woo (Yoon Eun-hye) is a special effects makeup artist. She is smart

The story of two people who first meet online and soon develop a relationship when they meet in person but then get separated after choosing different paths for their careers.

Cha Eun-ho (Yoo Eun-sung) is a sponge and never drinks a poison. He drinks alcohol to overcome the stress of the loneliness caused by his job as a semiconductor designer

Soo-jung (Jang Na-ra) is a 23-year-old university graduate who majors in English literature. As she begins to work as a babysitter for a rich family with three children

During a total solar eclipse

A series of events in the life of a Bong-ra minor premiers in a crowded market place with its own unique set of problems.

The drama explores modern romance through the perspective of a group of young people on the move through high school

The lives of three middle-aged man and woman who have given up any dreams of a passionate romance

The friendship and/or love story of a man who '66 Applied Physics Education Seminary Graduates'

A spunky young woman

 for one thing only

An omnibus miniseries which tells the complex love stories of four women in their 30s

The first half of the series is set at Harvard University and is mainly concerned with the burgeoning relationship between a Harvard Law School student

The relationship between Seo Eun-min and Lee Han-kyung

The story is about Bo Choi-hyuk (Yoo In-na)

Hyun-woo (Kim Hee-ae) is the reluctant heir to his father's chemical company and engaged to be married to Park Hee-jin (Kim Hee-ae)

The series is about a monk who enters the monastery of Kwan Su-ro

Oh Hyun-seok (Kim Hee-ae) is the eldest son in the family and on Good Behaviour*

The story revolves around Princess Min Shi (Kim Hee-ae)

This is the story about a baby girl who was abandoned by its mother at birth and nursed back to health by the Koh Tao Hospital. She was raised by the Oh Song Group and their three children were taught the joys and hardships of being married and having families. Lee Mong-ryong

The saga tells the story of Lee Tae-joon (Park Seo-joon)

The story is about personal injury lawyers at Song & Kim who specializes in divorces & injuries. Jung Geum-hwa is a lawyer who dabbles in odd jobs & Kim Wook-hyun is a pianist who experiments with different sounds. When the two are young

Song Shia-ohn (Kim So-hyun) is a physicist&&%27s father&'ang%27s grandfather&'ang%27s is a genius&'ang%27s ex-girlfriend&'ang%27s rival. They live happily ever after&'ang%27s life changes forever when Shia-ohn is put under arrest for 'disturbing the peace by threatening to kill anybody who crosses his path'. Shia-ohn escapes&'ang%27s house through a secret door and discovers a woman waiting for him at the top of Mount Hyung-joo. She is pregnant with the child of Shia-ohn's friend&'ang%27s grandfather&'ang%27s great-grandmother. The child was abandoned by its parents as a child

Yoo Eun-jung is a journalist with a integrity

Cha Seok-hoon is a head trial judge who punishes the dishonest in the courtroom with no mercy

The Choi family is headed by the corrupt & cruel Yong-soo and his two daughters are forced to live separately after his divorce. He tries to make them all his property

Lee Seo-yeon is a furniture designer who was raised by her father & mother. She went to work for a furniture company

Kim Shin (국양) is a DJ who joined Naver Playlist on the side quest for a classmate

Sunwoo family is embroiled in a bitter family feud after the death of the elder sibling Seo-yeon.

The Splits is a drama about young people in their twenties & their burgeoning relationship with life. It tells the story of a young man who joins Naver Playlist

A native of Baekje who was raised by his paternal grandparents & aunties

Kang Ha-ri (Kim Hyun-joo

 to be an alien.

Set during the 30 years of the Joseon Dynasty

A television series show about a dramatized version of the biblical story of Adam and Eve's first couple of sons.

Eun Ho-won faces repeat rejections in her job search until despair causes her to cry out in front of a live broadcast. From then on

Song Geu-rim (Kim So-hyun) is a supremely talented violinist who has pure intentions

The drama about the future premiers in the new year with a symphony composed of new pieces.

The romance between Joseon's first soprano Yun Sim-deok and the South Korean man who became her husband five years ago.

The story of the lineal descendants of the Korean activists who took the risk of coming out as lesbian in the aftermath of the Japanese occupation in 1948

Gayatriyasan is a romance story about a gayatri named Han Su-ryeon who has to get married to get his mother off his back about the impending divorce. He gets to work on the first day of the week after being told he would get a promotion. Gayatri gets along fine without problems due to Gayatri's mother (Kim Hee-sun) and father (Lee Soo-hyun) not wanting to give him a hard time due to his mother's family situation. Gayatri's mother even admits she is in love with him

The story of the series revolves around a group of young doctors who provide medical care to the homeless people of Seoul through a hospital they built.

Gayook (Jung Yun-ho) is a middle-aged man who has gone to great lengths to keep his 3-year-old daughter Tiffany under wraps. When the child learns of its parents' divorce.

A child rearing through the ages

As the story unfolds

Child-centered drama about a family consisting of a grandmother

Jin Ha-ri (Park Hae-jin) is a beautiful prosecution lawyer at the top of her game

Hwang Chun-ja (Jung Yun-ho) is the boss of the popular Lee Min-ho restaurant chain. She gets bitten and becomes a vampire. Her strong sense of justice and aloof personality comes through in her treatment of her patients. While on the job

Woo Shin-jo (Jung Ryeo-won) is a successful police detective

The story of the Noh family who loses their loved one due to a tragic accident.

The drama tells the story of a family consisting of a grandmother

Hwang Ji-hyun (So Ji-sub) is the paranoid editor of Spirit magazine. When he meets a girl who was left behind at university

Jin Sang-wook (Jang Hae-yeon) is a widowed farmer with one daughter

As a gifted neurosurgeon

Park Si-hyun (Jung Joon) is the top couple manager at the matchmaking company

The scenario intertwines the lives of three women in their 30s

The story of the farmers and their families living in the countryside.

When the Camellia Blooms is the story of the families that make up the Qin family. It

After a series of unfortunate events

Suzy Hamilton (Im Jung-eun)

After being dumped by her boyfriend

Byun Ji-sang is a 33-year-old homemaker devoted to her pilot husband Yoon Ji-sang

Han Tae-ho (Choi Sung-hyun) is a wealthy marine officer assigned to the South China Sea docks where he works

Due to a tragedy that has the power to blind people to death

Tae-ho and his superior

One the driven top student and the other a sensitive teacher competing for the affections of the other

The charismatic leader Tae Ju-hwa (Jung So-min) and the cunning seducer Prince Charming (Seol Jung-eum; in Korean) compete for the affections of the female students in her high school with outrageous behavior

The karmic chain Reaction comes into being when Go Eun-dong (Lee Yo-won)

Chan Han-doo (Hyun Bin) is a successful dress designer who owns a lingerie factory. He meets and falls in love with a college student

Cheongseo is the story of a teenage girl who becomes a nun after going through a series of unfortunate events in her life.

Although it is fictional

Detective Lee Dong-woo (Im Jung-eun)

The chain of events that leads to the making of a drama is loosely based on real-life situations. For instance

The story begins with the ROK Army's invasion of North Korea in 58 BCE

The story of a middle-aged woman and her two daughters

The story is about the multiple marriages in the family and the various divorceses in their midst. Each of these stories intersect at different points in their lives

Na In-jung (Go Soo)) is a furniture designer who owns a workshop space that she shares with other designers. Taeyon (Kim Jaewon) is an outcast who always tries his best. When he gets rejected from a job because of a rejection by his boss

Kim Kwan-dong (Seo Jin-hye) is a successful divorcee who lives with her vain father and two beautiful daughters

Detective Oh Gu-tak (Go Soo) is a calm

The story of the series revolves around the life of Drim Mun and Drim Mun Jr.  Both are members of the Shimane Prefectural Police's gambling team

The series tells the story of the Bobo family who has dominated the prefecture for three generations. Under the rule of King Jeongjo

In the fictional dystopia

The story is focused on the completely normal people of Oh by Kazuki Yoon (Kim Jun-myeon). As a result

The story revolves on the life of Oh Byul (Uee) and Wong Su-ryeon (Bea Hayden) 

It follows the daily lives of the three elderly residents of a 20-room house called ""Living Room"" in a remote village. 

The drama explores modern love

The battle between detectives who work on the case of a genius accountant who loses his ability to recognize faces and those who are familiar with the case.

Known as a reserved and back-patting surgeon

Yoo Ha-eun (Park Hyung-hee) who has double identity. She's a warm and nurturing alcoholic mother who sheltered her own children during childhood and later helped found a music publishing company (then went bankrupt) during her youth. Meanwhile

The stories in this series revolve around the members of two families that have strongly contrasting backgrounds. One is a traditional patriarchal family (Ha family) trying its best to uphold the reputation of its family name

Around the time of social media founder Jack Ma held his breath for four minutes before giving up hope on his followership. He then exhales his last batch of breath and is reborn as a cyborg with superhuman strength

Sung Hae-sung (Yeo Jin-goo) has a prophet like ability. His hair is completely white

After a series of near misses

Woo Jae-yeol is a popular news anchor who mysteriously disappears one day after undergoing emergency brain surgery. His wife Yoo Sun-joo goes to the hospital to look for him but finds him dead from a self-inflicted gunshot wound. The murderer is revealed as a disgruntled former employee of the Today show. The victim's murderer is on the run after being wrongly accused of a murder he did not commit. One of the detectives who investigates the murder claims that he has a close friend

A story of two women whose fate is changed when they enter into a collision during a traffic accident.

Cha Moo-hyuk is a 37-year-old man who dreams of turning his life around. He is a student of kenobi Nedosha High School

A committed gay man

The series follows a group of students as they learn about the problems faced by members of the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) community.

LGBT issues are prominent in Ukrainian society and culture. Ukrainian scholar Yuri Milano has written several books on the subject. In 2014

The series tells the story of three couples who became separated after they lived together.

A romantic comedy about Louis (Hector) and Audrey (Emma)

The series begins with the murder of a mother that is committed during a parent's divorce proceedings and it quickly escalates from there.

A story about a couple who starts a war at home with extremely dangerous choices

A story about a headstrong girl called Seo (Emilia) with a prickly appearance and a stubborn

Yoo San-soo (Jang Shin-gay) has a passion for cooking. He has a cooking school

A romantic comedy about a once-popular chef named Hong Bok-joo (Kim Tak-il) and his half-brother Bak (Hwang Jung-eum) who serves as his school's culinary teacher. The younger brother constantly gets into trouble with the law

Dae-Gil (Shin Ha-Yeon)

The drama focuses on the life and relationships of a group of university lecturers and staff. They include a curate

Han Tae-sang (Ha Seung-yeong)

 sisters who died in a car accident twelve years ago.

At the age of eight

The drama focuses on the life and relationships of a group of university students

Han Jae-mi and her family move from Seoul to the suburb of Muji County

Moving to a remote part of the country

The story of doctors who try to uncover the truth behind industrial accidents. It also factors in real life occupational hazard events that happened to real South Korean citizens by tailoring the drama to the real life event.

The sitcom showed several gags among the staff.  Once

Cha Woo-jin (Ji Sung) is a doctor of anesthesiology. He is arrogant

A skilled doctor is forced to quit working at a hospital after being accused of medical malpractice. He starts working in a prison with the goal of acquiring enough connections to take his place.

A compassionate soul who suffered abuse as a child turns out to be responsible for her parents' financial troubles

Emotionally unstable

The series explores the conflicted and ultimately crushing love story of Choi Kang-soo (Lee Seung-gi)

Go Eun-sung (Han Jin-hee) is a school cafeteria science teacher who is in love with her 13-year-old self. Both of them secretly harbor deep feelings for one another. These feelings are felt even by the people around them as they slowly drift apart.

Noh Soon-geum is a wealthy and famous television drama screenwriter with a past. Her father is a genius SM journalist

Kim Tae-joo (Kim In-kwon) is the top couple manager at the matchmaking company

Go Eun-jin and Byung-soo married in a controversial 2013 ceremony that left their children bitter with him. They are now officially in a "match" with each other for the sake of succession. The marriage is being watched closely by the child brides to see who is the legitimate successor to the throne.

The series tells the story of the life of Lee Poong-sang (Kim Byung-hun)

The series is based on the true stories of Lee Poong-sang and Byung Soo-ah.

The Cursed is about a cursed item(s) that can only be obtained through a three-part test: marriage to become a vampire; a 3-1/2-year marriage; and a near-perfective dental extraction with a 2.0 grade.

A child with the power to remake any part of its existing structure

Newlyweds team up to get married as soon as possible despite knowing that their relationship would bring doom down on both of them. But the problems begin when they meet.

Kim Wook (Jung Kyung-Ho) used to be a top manager in the business but he went bankrupt as he couldn't compete in the job market with his troubled brother. Years later

Woo Do-hyun becomes the prime suspect in a murder case and gets framed for murder. His innocent nature is protected by his close friend and ""guardian angel"" Gwi-in (Kim Jae Won). With his family's financial help

Hyun-woo and Uhm-Eul are two different people with completely different backgrounds. There is no middleman between them as they meet in person and their differences are well understood by everyone. But when they

After that incident

High school students Min Wook-gi (Lee Min Ho) and Doo-heon (Rhyme) both land in trouble after they get into a fight. Doo-heon gets suspended

The story revolves around K-pop stars

Minju and Namdo grew up together

Park Ji-sang is a scoundrel general who marries an orphaned doctor (Jun Ji-sang) and thereby acquires true love. One day

Ti-ju and Ri-na become sisters after Ji-sang kills her husband. Ti-ju steals the show while hiding out at Hong Kong's Kung-Fu Ninh Restaurant. One day

Set in South Korea's fictional Silicon Valley called Sandbox

In South Korea and China

The story is centered on the love between a musically gifted South Korean man

Jerky ~ Heroism~; short for Hong Kong Story; is the story of Lee Tae-sung (Yoo In-na)

Takao returns to his hometown after living overseas for five years. He is married to Takeo

Kang Yoon-pil wants to become a radio writer. He has always wanted to become a chef. In an effort to get his parents off his back about the constant string of blind dates and marriage prospects

Lee Jin-sheng (Lee Dong-wook) is a disgraced general in the army of his mother's former superior. Determined to become a better soldier and a more responsible father to his family

About a man trying to become a pianist after losing his ability to play the drums in battle. He is the son of a cosmetics salesman and a hospital cafeteria nutritionist

Min Jae-hee is a normal prosecutor during the day and a fugitive from the infamous Brahma Group

Brilliant writer Choi Kang-hee (Moon Jeong-hee) marries an orphaned doctor (Kim Soon-ae) and thereby acquires the illegitimate child of her abusive husband.(Jeon)

The story centers on the life skills of Lee Soon-ae (Kim Soon-joon) as she begins to understand the meaning of 'irreplaceable' with her mother's last name. She marries an immovable object millionaire

Cha Yang-ho is a hardened gangster with a reputation as a troublemaker. He marries a poor girl Han Ji-sook (Kim Soon-kyu) and they have a son together

Woo Shin-ae (Kim Soon-kyu) is a stubborn girl in her 20s who has a passion for cooking. Because she does not have an interest in studying

17-year-old Kim Soon-kyung (Kim Soon-joong)

A naïve girl named Lee Han-young (Kim Soon-joong) is training to become a nun. Right before she finally gets her wish

The plot follows the story of Kim Wook-gi (Lee Bo-young)

Yoon Hae-ra (Jang Na-young) is a 24-year-old Seoul woman whose bright personality and pixellated features are so attractive that men WANT to be loved and take her for granted. With her steady boyfriend Ko Mi-soo (Oh Ji-sub)

A story of a woman named Go Yeon-woo

 but a part of the party is accidentally electrocuted while trying to escape a sinking ship.

The series follows high school students Utoya High School's valedictorian Jun and his team through their daily lives. Utoya is a fictional high school in the fictional Greater East China Sea city of Honnyang.

It tells the story of three pairs of lovers and their families.

Yeon-woo married a man who had previously been her father's enemy since they fought several battles together. He wanted to marry her but her father had ordered that the wedding never be held due to the fact that the groom was too young. Soong-joo was afraid that if she told her husband the reason why she was leaving him she would become extremely emotional and therefore betrayed him. Soong-joo had a son but they both grew up believing their father was cruel. Eventually

Story of a mysterious man with a \"magic ring\" who seems to control the Hwangso District. He is said to be the ruler of Chuncheon.

A man with the power to read people's memories claims retribution against those who seek it out.

Min-woo was a Supreme Court justice who was killed in a terrorist act while attempting to execute an illegal search warrant. In order to punish those who killed him

After his parent's death

Set during the reign of King Sukjong in the Joseon dynasty

A conglomerate of five companies is headed by Kwon Oh-bok (Kim Jun-myeon)

A television series talk about the advantages and disadvantages of different kinds of workers.

Kwon Oh-bok tells the story of four counselors who work at a rehabilitation hospital: a former beauty queen and Choi Kang-chil (Ji Sung)

Kwon Oh-bok is a businessman with a pure heart who braves danger to save his wife Min Kyung-hee. The two of them get married at an extravagant ceremony attended by several influential people. Just as expected

About a man with the power to read people's memories. His superpower makes it difficult for him to interact with others.

The series follows high school students Kasumi (Park In-hwan) and Dae-Sang (Shin Se-kyung) who find their own happiness despite suffering hardships along the way. Together

After their parents were killed in a terrorist attack

After an earthquake in 1876

Choi Go-bok (Han Seung-kyung) finds himself in late 19th century Seoul when the Free Market City government outlaws any type of large-scale trade within the city limits. This includes large-scale business transactions. To get around the problem

Im Nakada

After her father leaves for war

Kim Sam-soon (Ji-kyung) is a 39-year-old housewife facing extreme financial difficulties due to the death of her husband. One day

Naked is the story of a squad of burglars who team up with a corrupt police commissioner to catch the thieves of the Yuenbando Group. Yuenbando Group is a holding company that represents notorious fraud Shin Yoon-shim (Shin Sung-rok). When Yuenbando Group executives are accused of murder

It follows the story of a successful TV drama series editing team who work for a content creator.

The story of two women who

Dangan Ronpa 2 (微沙舞衣装やわりやいます) is a dual-cultural festival that commemorates the 70th birthday of Nobel Peace Prize laureate Kim Byung-hee (Kim Sun-a)

Densetsu Jutsu Beginners Guide tells the story of a group of high school students who on the 70th birthday of the ancient Japanese sutras

The series follows high school girl Hana (Kim Hye-in) who is a student at an elite private high school. One day

Kang Jae-in (Park In-hwan) is a selfish high school girl who is known as a troublemaker and the subject of many rumors. Han Yoo-jin (Kim Ok-bin) is a troublemaker and the object of many riddles. The two learn to work as a team to unravel the riddles and bring justice to those that were wronged.

The series tells the story of the rise and fall of powerful women in modern China through the unique stories of their children

Yeo Bong-soon (Kim Sun-bin) is the eldest among the younger generation of sisters.

The drama depicts an era-defying love story of a fearless woman whose confidence and power are based on sheer will power

Oh Dal-ja (Park Shin-hye) is a fortune teller and café owner who seeks the fortune that she can create a world where friends and family of her ex-boyfriend can be trusted. With this ultimate goal in mind

As a single

Jang Hee-ta (Kim Hye-in) was once a hardened criminal

Han Yi-young (Jang Na-ra) is a single child who grew up in an orphanage with her sister

She dreams of becoming an interior designer

The series follows Ho-jung (Jung Yong-hwa)

Mystery Science Theater 3000

Ji Sun-woo

The series tells the story of how Kim Deok-jin (Lee Hong-jin) lost his memory after a car accident two years ago and has been searching for him.

Gong Yoo-hee (Ong Seong-ah) is a successful TV drama screenwriter with a past. She has a history of miscarriages and fights with cancer. She desperately wants to be a proper mother to her unborn child

Gong Eun-ho is a TV writer with a past. She has a biological mother and a psychoanalytic father. She can write any book

Jung Deok-in was once a top star

Ma Hoon

Oh Ms! (버화) is a passionate lawyer and single mother. She was dumped by her husband

A book about a boy who does not believe in himself and a girl who believes in him. The story revolves around a group of students as they went from being  in a disadvantaged position to being able to study together in peace.

Han Seok-jin is a normal prosecutor during the day and a masked vigilante at night to punish the bad actors in the movie industry.

Han Seok-jin is smart and tough

Y-jung) and Joo-yeon (Olivia Chow) who both feel betrayed by their partners. Joo-yeon thinks Ye-ri is unfeeling and cold

Shin-young (Jang Seo-hee) leaves for a work interview but before she can catch her train

Shin-young feels that if she goes to the doctor she will be poisoned but she is wrong and the poison is actually for her own good. She meets a doctor who confirms her suspicions and together they figure out the best treatment will be for Shin-young to stay at the hospital for one night but they both get hurt while trying to treat the wrong patient. Feeling hopeless and alone Shin-young decides to join a hospital honesty and integrity committee headed by Yoon Jung-mi (Chae Soo-bin) which aims to detect and punish hospital frauds.

Choi Jung-hyuk grew up a penniless orphan and he had no other choice but to become a police detective. He had a rich childhood and served time in prison

Choi-woo began his career as a CCTV news reporter in 2007

The series explores the gray area between legal and illegal.

Lee Hae-jo (Han Hye-jin) is a first year resident specializing in neurosurgery. She didn't graduate from a premier medical school

Kim Yoon-sung (Ji Jin-hee) is excited that he is flying as co-pilot with a legendary Captain Han Gyu-pil (Kim Chang-wan). One of the passengers on the plane is Han Da-jin's (Ku Hye-sun) pregnant mother. She is flying to San Francisco to visit her son

A gumiho (nine-tailed fox) named Lee Yeon (Lee Dong-wook) abdicated his position as the mountain spirit of Baekdudaegan to search for the reincarnation of his one true love

William J. Spencer (Pierre Deporte) is a young British aristocrat in the year 1640 with a fascination for East Asian art

Jang Shin-jo (Son Chang-yeon) was once a police detective

Kim Chun-dong (Park Eun-bin) is a Korean businessman who came to Korea 14 years ago to search for his twin brother who had been kidnapped by the Japanese and used as a guinea pig for genetic research. He has since become a sushi restaurant critic and a lawyerolo. He loves his wife Hye-ri (Son Ye-jin) very much and they have been married for 14 years

A story of a woman who was raised as a shrimpei in Queens and a businessman who fell in love with her after meeting her father. It is based on the life of Lee Tae-sang

During the Joseon Dynasty

The drama starts with the Shogun At Your Service

Sisyphus: The Myth tells the story of a shipyard worker named Lee Seung-woo (Min Wook-ah)

The drama starts by asking: What is a god and how did he get his powers

The story revolves around a group of students with different multicultural backgrounds residing at a college dormitory.

A student from an elite high school was sent to a specialized education school

The story takes place during the reign of King Sukjong in the Joseon dynasty. The dynasty lasted from 1606 to 1644 AD. Under the reign of Emperor Hee-jong

Revolves around a woman named Lee Se-jung (Kim Hee-soo

The story revolves around an elaborate musical

Two women whose souls switch bodies

Shin-ah (Shin Eun-hye) is a managing director at a home shopping network. She is polite and kind-hearted

Yoon Jung-hyun (Lee Tae-sung) is an average-looking young man who works part-time for a broadcasting company

The series explores the philosophical and historical roots of current events

Cha Sang-woo (Moon Geun-hye) was the most popular star in the late seventeenth century

The series explores the relationship of two people as they go from being ""just acquaintances"" to ""a genuine couple"", respectively.

Lee Soo-kyung is a counselor who works at an after-school tutoring center. She is smart

The series is a romantic comedy about Kang Hae-ra (Kim Ok-bin)

In early Joseon

As a single

Set in Joseon in the 19th century

The story about a man who joins the Korean National Assembly and teams up with a historic woman to save his beloved city from falling into ruin. Oh Seo-yeon is a concubine who has been trained to serve as a decoy and is used by Baron Moshfeff

After discovering her husband's affair

Set in 1874

A drama about a married couple who find themselves living entirely different lives after their marriage.

This is a drama which tells the story of three women who lived during the Korean dictatorship.

A married couple who first meet when they are strangers

This is a story about Oh Byulguk (Kim Wook) who was the head teacher of a high school in Chuncheon until he was terminated for allegedly having an affair with a coworker.  Oh Byulguk then takes the role of a kind-hearted counselor who has been married twice. Byulguk is a student of Chun Ji High School

 Oh Byung-soo is a kind-hearted elementary school teacher who is engaged to Park Min-young. But in the end

 Oh Hyun-jae (Ji Jin-hee) who once had a bright future ahead of him as a star prosecutor. Now a disgraced prosecutor with a dishonorable past leading him on a quest to uncover the truth behind the death of Sung Eun-pil (Ji Jin-hee) a South Korean Airlines flight attendant. Oh Hyun-jae believed in love but it was a mysterious one that could be understood only in Japanese. He had a .44 revolver with him when he fell in love with Park Min-young.

In the year 2007

1969 is a futuristic novel which tells the story of a traveling salesman who becomes the first emperor of a newly united state. As a seasoned politician

The story of two women whose souls switch bodies

The story revolves around the life of Lee Se-rong

In order to be eligible for the K-pop Star Jam

Lee Bom-yi (Hwang Jung-eum)

Gu Du-bin (Tae-yang) and Ma Jin-woo (Yoo-kyung) are both 38 years old and have been married for four years.  Both are doctors.  Du-bin is a division chief in the division of the famous Sunkist shipyard

The drama tells the story of five couples in their 40s and 50s as they go from being single

Seo Jung-hyun and Eun-sung were classmates in elementary school

Kang Ji-ho (Lee Bo-young) who had a childhood friend murdered in front of him turns out to be the murderer himself. With the help of Soo-kyung (Choi Tae-sung)

The plots of both Han Eok-kwan (Gong Yoo) and Chan Eun-hye (Kim Rae-won)

Lee Soo-kyung (Choi Soo-kyung) is an innocent college student who passes a hidden camera audition and is invited to join the reality show Liar Game

Penthouse tells the story of wealthy families living in Hera Palace and their children at Cheong-ah Arts School.

The series follows the exploits of a group of young doctors who seek revenge on the corrupt through revenge orchid.* They fail to catch him and his ex-girlfriend

After witnessing his mother's murder at a young age

After witnessing his father's treachery

Set in 1993

Baek Soo-sung (Lee Je-hoon) is a oracle. His ability to predict the future is so good that even though he's an adult

The series follows the orations of Sung Un Department Store's team who work for VIP clients which constitute the top 1% of their customers.

Un Young is a pediatric neurosurgeon who is transferred from one of the best hospitals in Seoul to a rundown hospital with no ER. After disobeying his previous hospital director

The oracle Goguryeo warns that if we don't get marriage soon Gogurye will turn into a ""mad dog"" that can't be tamed. Cha Do Hyun (Song Joong-ki) is a frail

Yoon Na-na (Moo Joon) is a cheerful orangery gardener who always carries a trundle of flowers with her. When she gets married at 19 and given a child

The series follows the relationship of an oracle from the first six Chan family.* He is a high-profile orator and speaker given his oratory skills and connections. He is also a child molester

Set in 1996

After a horrific car crash kills the family's lone heir

Set in 1996

Yoon Joon (Park Ji-hoon) is an oracle from the first six Chan lineage* who is gifted with perfect psycho-acoustics skills. He then receives a message for an interview and determines to get a job. On the other hand

The series follows the hectic lives

Yung is a successful orator and married man. But when Yung dies of a heart attack

Penthouse tells the story of wealthy families living in Hera Palace and their children at Cheong-ah.

In the first flush of its success

A baby girl was abandoned at birth. She has grown into a mature adult and left her birth mother behind when she came to live with her birth father.

A mysterious man watches over everyone who dares to get their hands dirty and has a hard time getting his bearings. He has a mysterious past due to him being born into a family of five

Gu Jaewoo (Moon Geun-young) is a top star in the celebrity industry. However

Ji Won-young believes that she's too good-looking to be taken seriously as a business woman. She struggles to find her footing in life and works hard to improve her looks. She confides in none other than her business partner and gets the details on how to get away with her old boyfriend.

The story of two people who get to know each other over a myriad of issues

Early in his reign

High school student Baek Ho-rang (Jung Da-bin) is popular in social media for being pretty and classy

Eun Ho-won (Kim Jung-eun) is a pure girl in a purest heart who is irrevocably broken after her boyfriend leaves her and their newborn baby due to financial problems. She tries to make amends with her old man

When everything you believed in for your entire life turns out to be a devastating lie

Seo Jung-in is a former police and leader of Taeyang Insurance's investigators team

The stories in this series revolve around the members of two families that have symbolized romance throughout Korea's history. The first is the kimchi family which controls the Kerch family food store in town and the second is the family of soap opera actress Gong Joo-young who gets her nickname ""Sister"" for hiding her identity. The kimchi family is headed by patriarch Kim Soo-jin who is in his late thirties

A year following the events of Love And War

The stories in this series revolve around the members of two opposite personalities which Hong describes as ""crazy""" and ""ugly"" in a crowded room. They communicate by writing messages on a smartphone app. The pictures in the gallery are all of Hong's daughters

After experiencing the bankruptcy and sudden death of his first love

Cha Ji-ae (Choi Jung-ae) who once protected and loved his kindergarten teacher (Oh Jung-seok) turns out to be the real murderer of his estranged girlfriend.

Kim Rae-Won stars as the warm and plucky mayor of the small town of Daejeon in Jeju Island. There he learns to navigate his new role as the local prosecutor acquires valuable real estate and becomes a responsible member of society.

A story of a woman who is surrogate mother

In a place far from the town lived a boy and his adorable twin sister lived. The boy's name was Hong Nam-do (Hong Jong-hyun) and the girl's name was Ji-ae (Jeon Ye-seul). The adult Hong Na was in love with was actually the cold and distant type

About a forensic doctor and prosecutor who work together to solve cases.

A criminal profiler Lee Seung-heon (Jung Da-bin) is a complete idiot. However

This is the thriller about a group of misfits who become a crime fighting squad while hiding their identity from each other.

Won Jin-soo is a successful and cold case detective who gets bitten and becomes a

A divorced couple become next-door neighbors.

Next chapter in the series is called "The Last Empress" and is set in a hypothetical constitutional monarchy in 2018. The series is based on the historical Japanese emperor Marie Antoinette and focuses on her family

Set during the Japanese colonial rule and ruled by a dour old man

The series revolves around a group of doctors who is known as the "god of death" due to his ability to heal any malady through the power of suggestion

The series is about Choi Kang-woo (Seo Ji-hoon)

Oh Byul

Lee In-jae (Han Se-kyung)

Set during the Joseon Dynasty period

Im Chi-wook and Ko Mi-ra (Han Hyo-jung) come from very different backgrounds. Im Chi-wook was abandoned by his parents as a child and he grew up in a soup kitchen with his best friend Oh Se-kyung. They both have their moments of fragility and they both need care in their own ways but they can never completely rely on each other. Ko Mi-ra is a secretary in a publishing company and she is responsible for all the company's administrative details

Lee Soon-bit (Jang Keun-suk) is the owner of a 50-year-old noodle factory

With her mom

In the blink of an eye

About a man with the power to read women's thought when he touches them. His superpower makes it so that even though he has a college degree

Kim Tae-pyung is a counselor who caters to children. She lives a perfect life with her husband Park Jung-woo (Yeo Jin-goo)

Set in South Korea's fictional Silicon Valley called Sandbox

Mobile Suit Gundam is the spiritual successor of its parent company GundAM Banha. The series revolves around the relationships and fates of the two-year-old unité 'Mobile Suits' through a mobile web-based RPG. The storyline is based on the battles between the mobile suits and their parents

MMORPG : Battle of Musashi

Kang Geum-hwa (Han Suk-ho) leads a gang of hooligans who stands for "loyalty" and is above "justice". They are led by their rival Choi Hee-gon (Lee Seung-woong)

Lee Lee Young-bong (Choi Woo-shik) is the son of a ferry captain

Set during the Joseon Dynasty(30 years after the end of the Joseon Dynasty)

Cha Dong-geun (Go Seung-myung) is the leader of the Hanbando Group

Kang Pil-joo (Moon Geun-hye) is a successful manager whose wife Gong-joo (Son Eun-jae) loves more than his job. When he suddenly loses his memory

Joo Mi-soo (Han Je-hoon) had it all...in high school. Pretty and popular

Park Jung-geun (Oh Jung-se) is a ward of the state housing corporation

Han Ah-reum

I used to be a headstrong girl with no consideration for her feelings

A singleton mother who left her 7-year-old daughter Kaori without her husband

Yoon San (Choi Woo-shik) is traveling alone. He stops at nothing to reach his goal. San tells the story of Yoon Jae-bok and Yoon Jae-bok from different points of view. It is a love story which tells of the mysterious disappearance of a young woman and a man who tries to understand why it is so. The story also addresses the mystery surrounding 9/11 through the story of a lone wolf terrorist(s). This is a thriller about the hidden meanings in the lives of people connected by blood or marriage. **SPOILERS AHEAD**

The story begins with 9.7 earthquake and ends with the tsunami 9.11/11 11 years later.

Yoon Geum-joo (Kim Jin-hee) leads a crime investigation team. She would be a better detective than a typical murderer. She is a single child raised in a wealthy family by her step-mother and grandmother. She has a cold

The story is told from the crime dramas

A romantic comedy tale about two women who fell in love with each other. The female protagonist Joo Se-mi is a university student; her boyfriend Yu Ja-seong is employed by a cosmetics company. Both women lie to their lovers

Yoo Hye-sook (Park Soon-sil) is a single mother who struggles to raise her daughter while paying off her late husband's debts. Han Ji-soo (Kim Ji-seok) entered the picture when her ex-boyfriend stole her pension money. They became partners and they became parents when she discovered his identity and sued him for fraud. The court granted her custody of her daughter and let her live with her grandfather. But in the end

A story about Boo Boo and company

Story about a girl called Go Yeon-hee who thinks she's gay until she actually gets to meet her opposite

The story of a mysterious Gay Korean man who appears in the Gayla court and fights for the freedom of Hongki. He's a high-profile fugitive

Story about a girl named Eun Bang-wool and her attempts to become a nun. She meets and falls in love with a young man named Lee Myung-wol

Story about a city rife with immorality

Moo Jin-joo (Kim Soo-hyun) is the CEO of City Broadcasting*. He's got the best and the brightest minds and he crushes them all to death with his secretary O-kyung. When the two break up

After which

The story tells the story of three very close friends

While Yeon-woong is away fighting monsters

A New Frontier story tells the story of a group of young scientists who set out on a journey to discover the secrets behind strange phenomena. They set out on a quest to find their lost loved one

The drama follows a group of highly trained paranormal investigators who work for Channel Broadcasting System

A romantic comedy that revolves around a priest who learns to embrace his life with love

The story of a con-man (a href=""/wiki/Kkangpae"" title=""Kkangpae""kkangpae/a) trying to become a priest again and a woman who finally gives up on her life and marriage

After a terrible car

Yoon Shi-Wook (Go Soo) is a genius and only in his mid-twenties. He graduated as a make-up artist major at a university and began preparations to study in France. While in France he made several racist remarks towards a group of young women. The next day he had a nervous breakdown and spent three weeks in a psychiatric hospital. During his stay in the hospital

After receiving a text message for an interview Shi-Wook's heart sank and he went to the hospital without telling anyone his whereabouts. There he met a girl whose father had gotten into a car accident and whose mother had died. The Shi-Wook family were in shock since the death of their mother and grandmother had been reported just before Shi-Wook's birthday. In order to make amends

Kkondae Intern Jom De La Rosa (Woo Jin-hye) ends up in a game and becomes involved with several different people.

The series follows high school student Kang De La Rosa (Lee Seung-gi) who ends up staying in a shared dormitory with several other students. One day

After graduating from high school

Yu Il-jo (Lee Hyung-sun) is a playboy infamous for manipulating women. However

As an incompetent lawyer who can only take legal action against people who truly threaten the peace in society

The series follows high school student Min Tae-yeon (Choi Ji-woo) who begins to develop a vendetta against the person he loved the most. He begins writing his thesis on the person.

Go Eun-jo (Lee Hyo-rim) runs a karaoke bar named ""Night Rose"" on a remote island

Kang Eun-bi (Lee Hyo-rim) is a hotshot corporate lawyer who is cold

Night Sky is a romantic comedy in the vein of a Western melodrama. Jesse Pinkman (Aaron Taylor Johnson) leads a group of intrepid investigators who work for Channel News as part of their jobs. They love to swim and gamble

Orphaned then taken in by Jang Mi-ri (played by Kim Sa-rang)

Playboy Kim Dal-young (Park Shin-yang) is excited that he is flying as co-pilot with a top manager

President Choi

In his youth President Jae-hak (Ji Sung) naively believed in himself as a bright student. While fleeing to escape persecution in the Soviet Union

Kim Jose is a scion of the Lee dynasty who was adopted by the American political elite in order to escape poverty in the countryside. Unfortunately

Lee Seung-Gi (Kim Ji-hye)

The scenario takes place between the Fate and Unlimited subs who wish to create a ""better""" version of themselves.

The scion of a formerly wealthy traditional land-owning family Kim Ji-kun (Lee Seung-Gi) finds himself suddenly poor after his wife disappears. He decides to take revenge on those who hurt him.

Seung-Gi (Kim Yu-jin) and her ex-husband

After their four children become independent

The story of an ambitious woman who looks down her snarky younger sister Salma for approval since the latter is far from the truth. Salma was always so shy

The series follows the

At the age of eight

Yoon Tae-soo (Kim Tae-hee) is a dandy-ish executive at a mobile media company. He is cold

Cold Heights is Tae Hyun's (Yoo Ji-hoon) first love. However

Known as a strong-willed and brave (by his cold demeanor

The series follows cold-blooded killer Baek Ho-rang as he embarks on a revenge plot. Ho-rang is a genius profiler who studies human behaviour at a university. He is a perfectionist who would do anything to achieve his success- he values honing his skills over forming a lasting friendship- with a woman. But in the end

Hwang Geum-joo is a hospital cafeteria nutritionist with a bright personality

Min Kyung-soo (Park Shin-hye) is the caretaker of a twin orphanages

Growing up in an orphanage

Kang Cho-hong works as a Pierrot because his father is a stockbroker and his mother is a hairdressberian. He is extremely clumsy

Yoon Tae-soo is a wealthy heir who is courted by baby girl Eun-Hye for a bride. Hoping to make her father jealous

The story of Bang Myung-soo

The story of Han Jung-sook (Choi Yoon-sang)

The story of Han Jung-soo is centered on Crown Prince

Three generations of a family are torn apart by divorce or death

Kang Cho-hong's father dies from cancer treatment

He wants to marry Nam Ha-reum

A love story about a boy who cannot love because he does not feel love from his first love Sa-eun. The two realize that love comes in every form and can be found in all walks of life. They begin searching for love together.

Kit Hye-soo (Kim Hye-soo) is a psychiatrist out to uncover the truth behind murder cases. He is assisted by his wife Gong-ho (Kim Hye-soo)

A story of a woman who began a fourteen-year relationship with a married man

Seo Tae-young (Kim Jung-eun) is the youngest daughter of a chaebol. She is very protective of her mother and grandmother

The series tells the story of Kwon Hye-soo

Byun Hyuk (Choi K'u-sang) is a gifted musician who was born into a family of doctors. His talent leads him to take part in a talent show and is quickly recognized as a genius. Unfortunately

Gil Oh-sol

This is a story of love and deception by a genius playwright and accountant. Ji Eun-soo leads a charmed life; she married a rich businessman

Oh Hyun-joo is a fortune teller and café owner who goes by the name of Madame Antoine. She claims her fortune-telling abilities are based on a spiritual connection with the famous French queen Marie Antoinette. By her own admission

Shin Young-joo is the

hooo(R) joins forces with a brilliant doctor a href=""/wiki/Hwang_Ji_Yeon"" title=""Hwang Ji-yeon"""Ji-yeon;" target=""_blank"Hwang Ji-eun;/a

Min Jae-eun has risen through the ranks in the Jeonju city-state's criminal underworld and is now the feared "Triple Ace" of the underworld. He is a skilled cop, a master of his trade

A story of a three-generation family 

Jang Do-heon is a genius with an aloof kind of charisma

Yoo Shin-hye is a genius with an aloof kind of charisma

In the dystopian future

It tells the story of three girls who were left behind at an orphanage and raised as his sisters and aunts

Yeon Young-ga (Kim Ha-neul) graduated as a make-up artist major at a university and began preparations to study in France. Her dreams to study in France are halted by pregnancy after Jung Gyo-do (Kim Ha-neul) takes advantage of her as she was brain-dead in the womb. She decides to continue studying in France and save her father Jung Joo

Jin Mi-rae is a fashion designer

In Shinjuku District

The story of an overweight man

Yeon Gaesomun is a third-rate criminal and a habitual gambler

The story begins in the present day

Cha Ji-oh (Joo Joo-young) is an overweight and unsuccessful thief. He has a rep for being cold and uninterested in people. When he meets Lee Tae-chan (Kim So-hyang)

Jung Mu-young (Chae Soo-jin) is a fashion designer

Sung-hee (Kim So-hyung) has always wanted to become a top fashion designer. But like many other talented young talents her family and friends throw in the ring

In the year 1997

At the age of eight

A story about Yu Il Sung (Ok Taec-yeon)

In 1997

Gi Moo Chan (Jung Ji-hwan) is a stubborn young man who takes the name ``Go Hu-ryong'' and is a disciple of the legendary late school master Joo Il-jong. As a child

``Never Forget About Us'' is the story of three individuals who have the potential to create a new society. It is a story about love and how it blinds you when you least expect it

``Never Forget'' is a 1990

A sweeping love story that spans the generations. It starts with the birth of a baby girl and continues after she reaches the age of thirteen. By the time the baby girl hears her mother's death

The life of a man who has been a housewife for ten years to a woman whose name he does not know.

In a world where criminals are heroes and citizens are criminals

A tale of a man who has been a detective for the past seven years and a half while his wife Jeong-hee takes

 ability were actually born  

The drama opens in the 1970s

Yeon-soo has struggled and worked hard all her life

Kim Man-deok is the best human being in his 30 years. He's a great salesman

A handsome man with a talent for playing the mysterious and powerful mysterious old man in the market

The market is a marketplace for old and worn-out products. The items here are meant to last a century or more. The market is also where Yu Il-sung once stood at the head of the market

The market is about to be transformed into a clothing boutique. Kim Hye-sun (Han Ji-Min) is the only daughter of a Joseon nobleman

Kim Hye-sun (Jang Shin-deok) is an eighteen-year-old who dreams of becoming an interior designer. Her mother envious that Jong Donghae (Chae Soo-bin)

Lee Soon-ae is at the end of her rope when her boyfriend leaves her and her mother-in-law

Go Dok-hwa is a 2017 Korean drama directed by Lee Hae-jo (Cha Dok-han). It tells the story a man's incredible journey to get his mother back

The series is about a man who lost both legs in an accident three years ago.

Pat Baek-hoek is a 70-year-old man who runs a successful bed and breakfast business. He also happens to be a big basketball fan. Baek-hoek up until just before he abruptly becomes blind in an accident. His owner Ho-jin (Park Soon-geun)

Baek Chan-heun is a tough

The series follows Baek Chan-soo (Ji Sung)

The story of a man who is forced to work as a host for the thirteenth birthday of his father

This is a story about love and betrayal. Lee Soon-ok and Ji-Sung cannot seem to reconcile their life together

The story of an elderly couple who have been married for six years.

A heartwarming story about a couple who crosses the road as they enter a blind alley and ends up saving a man named Jeong Woo-hyun (Lee Seung-Gi) from burning at the stake. Jeong Woo-hyun has a big heart

About a girl called Sun Eun-oh (Lee Min-ki) who doesn't have a favourite celebrity friend

Kim Do-hyun (Lee Min-ki) is the youngest member on the board of doctors who investigates the truth behind industrial accidents. While her father

The truth about why and how a group of soldiers were brought to their knees by their superior fighting skill in the field

This is the story of how a group of soldiers were sent to investigate a murder case.

Kim Chun-dong (Lee Min-ki) is a fortune teller and café owner who goes by the name of Madame Antoine. She claims to have mystical powers which allow her to solve crimes in mysterious and elegant fashion. In reality

Cha Gong-chan (Lee Min-ki) is a hardworking

Cha Eun-ho (Jung Yun-ho) works as a radio producer. He is a

 beautiful of

Go Chi-hung (Kwon Sang-yoon) who has been married twice already tries to get the government to recognize his marriage. He starts writing a play about his experiences as a wedding dress designer. The play is called

Woo Shin-kyung (Kim Joo-yeon) who has been single for six years suddenly has a family to take care of. Together they struggle to raise their daughter while hiding her from her abusive husband. As the daughter's wif 

The story of a prosecutor who would do anything to achieve his revenge and a detective who must uncover the truth in order to save his own life.

Han Seung-il (Cheo Je-yoon) who has double identity. He's a normal prosecutor who's a bit hazy about his identity and work and is more of a dilettant about his job than a pure prosecutor. Meanwhile

The story revolves around Kang Man Ho (Jung Yun-ho)

At Eighteen follows the story of eighteen-year-old Choi Joon-woo (Park Seo-joon)

The story begins around the same time as a href=""/wiki/Iris_(TV_series)"" title=""Iris (TV series)""Iris/a

Choi Yoon-jae (Lee Min-ho) was abandoned by his family as a child and he spent most of his time learning and working his way up through school. One day

Im Chi-young (Kim Jun-yi) was the most popular girl in school

Coming from a wealthy family

Choi Yoon-suk (Lee Dong-woo) is a genius among geniuses. His genius causes him to look backwards

Go Ho-jun (Go Doo-jun) is a 20-year-old university student whose grades are in the top 10% of his class. After overcoming poverty and a battle with cancer

Im Hwan Ki-doo (Yung Jwan Ki-doo) is a successful neurosurgeon who works for a broadcasting company

Im Sang-eun (Im Hee-Ri) is a pretty girl

A drama-romance between Moon Ha-won (Jung Hae-In) and Han Yoo-Won (Chae Rim)

Han Jae-woo and Jung Woo-ri were born  on the same hour on the same day as half sisters. Their mother raised them together and nursed them both up to adulthood. During that time she received a vision and together they became fathers. Afterward

Soon-young and Ji-min are twin sisters who were born  on the same hour on the same day as a bitter love match between a man and a woman blossoms into a romance. When the two realize that they are identical

Yoon Soo-jung is a single child raised in a wealthy family and pampered by her protective parents. She is a genius with an aloof personality

Jung Hae-In (Kim Hee-In) is a sales clerk at a department store. Her job is simple: she sells things  her primary function is to make money. But when she gets bitten and becomes infected

Detective Lee Sun-bin (So Yi-Cheo) wakes up from a six-year coma. He gets reassigned to the lost and found department

Jin Soo-jin (Uee) is a 20-

 her (Ikona

Korea is a land of vast untapped natural resources stemming from its arid climate. Seo Eun-young (Kim So-yeon) is a budding actress with big dreams. She comes from a wealthy family and is overly confident

The series is a coming of age story about Seo Han-bi (Lee Min-ki)

The story of three middle-aged women who have been married for eight years.

High school student Seo Byung-hee (Lee Je-hoon) is a big ""hwa"" fan of the drama. She is in love with Chul-woo (Park Eun-hye)

A man assumes a new identity after a near-death car accident to seek revenge.

In late Joseon

The story of seven-year-old Oh Dal-ja is a girl next door whom everyone thought was killed in a car accident 15 years ago. But she was reborn as a vampire at 18 and vowed to avenge her father who had died. Oh Dal-ja is a typical little girl with her grandmother and some uncle who owns a pet store. She has a big heart

The series is a family drama revolving around the life of Joseon's first ladies. The first lady is Seo Hyung-Woo (Lee Si-Woo) who is the prime suspect in a murder case with her younger brother who has a fa… Full description

A serial killer is framed for murder and gets caught up in the process of justice. He escapes to the United States where he gets a job interview and immediately falls into a relationship with a woman named Mi-oh (Lee Young-eun). After a brief fling

After King Jin's death in King Binh's family

The story of an honorable death. At age 17

A mysterious asteroid crash-lands on Earth in 2013 and causes strange things to happen

The plot revolves around Jin Pyeong's (Lee Joon-gi) trips back and forth between his home planet and his substitute (Hwang Jung-eum) parent world.

The show is set in a future where human society has flourished and all people have become lawyers.

The story of humans being forced to work together to achieve something elusive in life: to succeed or give up on their dreams? If they can't work it out within themselves then the show is a fairy tale. If they cannot succeed then the plot revolves around their failures.

A human female detective team is formed consisting of a mental health counselor

Kang Dong-joo (Kim Ah-joong) is a former mercenary soldier for the PMC Blackstone. After his unit was disbanded due to lack of results

Set during the Joseon dynasty

The story of Han Jung-hyuk

The series tells the story of Detective Ha Seon-woo and Detective Kim Son

After experiencing the bankruptcy and sudden death of his father

This is the fallback position for people who cannot go to the theater.

It is a position offered to those who cannot work in the field because their jobs are not enough to support themselves. For example, a few years ago

It is a position given to young people who have lost their parents as well as their grandparents. These young people often happen to be near an orphan

 executive of a webtoon planning staff and the youngest member(?) of the group(?)

Choi Young-joo is an adult woman whose "fault" is first love with Yoo Kye-soo

Han Sang-eun (Uee) is a single woman in her mid 30s who works as a PD at a broadcasting station. She has two successful sons: Jae-young (Shin'in) is a department chief at Yoo Moon Gook

Yoo Ga-ra (Lee Min-joon) and Ham Sa-doul (Lee Min-ki) are homeroom teachers who teach math to math-oriented high school students. One day

This is the story of officers Baek Na-reui and Kwang-soo (Lee Min-joon) of the Korea Customs who find themselves in over their heads after they witness a fraud committed at their own firm.

A veteran a href=""/wiki/K-Pop"" title=""K-Pop""Kkong/a actor (Lee Min-joon) embarks on a worldwide speaking tour to promote his new movie

In the shadow of Mount Dokgo

Jung Hae-bin (Park Shin-hwan) is a longtime welfare recipient who has a bright and positive personality. Determined to get what she always wanted

Lee Hae-bin (Shin Hye) is a successful actress in her mid 40s who works with her family therapist husband Yoon Seong-il

Kim Yoo-chan is a corporation attorney at the company she had fallen in love with 10 years ago.

A trip to Europe was the turning point for Yoon In-bin (Shin Yoon) who had previously thought about ending his relationship with In-ha (Moon Ga-young) or continuing with the relationship and becoming a couple. However

Pride Ho (Gal Mar)(Hoon Sung) is a 90-year-old retired mailman who decides to pursue her life-long dream of learning ballet

Pride Ho! is Gal Mar's dream come true when he receives a package containing his pension

Dandelion Family is a family run business that distributes sweeteners and other drugs to its members. When the business is combined with a con-man thief

A heartwarming story of a troubled

Gal Mar (Byun Jae-hyun) is a former con-man thief who decides to devote his life to the friendship of a woman whose fate is decided just before he accomplishes his crimes.

A true story of a woman who became a neurosurgeon though she wanted to be a teacher like her dead father. The story took place in 1995

A love story between a man who has sacrificed everything to achieve fame and a young woman who was abandoned by her parents as a child. The two year partnership is broken during a business trip to China and the two begin a 30-day love triangle that lasts for eternity.

The drama tells the story of criminals and their victims with heartbreaking heartrending stories.

At the age of eight

A tragedy story that you can't help but notice even though you see it every day. The story of a man whose entire family is murdered by the mafia. A woman who begins a 20-year mission to regain her family's loved one's memory.

A true story of a con-man thief

Tension mounts as a gangster emerges from the shadows to take revenge on the gangster who ruined their lives.

Chun Ji-ae-won (Oh Hyun-kyung) has spent the best years of his life cultivating a friendship with this handsome and mysterious man. His dream is to marry his college sweetheart Oh Hyun-woo (Kim Woo-myung)

Oh Hyun-do (Choi Woo-hyang) comes from a wealthy family. His mother died many years ago and his father died a few days before his birthday. Due to his elder sister's illness

Lee Young-Jin (Kim Ki-ja) is a top manager in the business who has devoted his life to her

The story follows the drama series "Kim Bum Jae (South Korean: 아화)

A romantic-comedy about a charismatic and popular comedian who fell in love with a college student

Park-mi-hyuk (Jang Hyuk) is a single child raised in a wealthy family and pampered by his protective parents. His dream is to marry his college sweetheart Lee Ha-neul (Kim Woo-shik)

Iris (Korean: 아화; Nederland: 

A drama about the dreams and love of two people born from two different wombs.

Gong Ji-yeon (Jang Hyuk) was abandoned by his parents as a child and he was adopted by a couple living in London. His adoptive parents lost their loved one and they left the couple for dead in order to protect another woman who was in love with him. The adoptive parents were heartbroken since they lost their child and were in search of a replacement.

The story of a conglomerate family that falls apart as it continues to be torn apart by family and friends. Kim Hye-sun (Kim Nam-joo) was born into a family that does not put up with mediocrity. He grew up in an orphanage with several other children. All of a sudden

In 1990

A woman named Woo-suk Hong (Jang Hyuk)

Han Dong-jo (Kim Jaewon) is an author and an admin at AnkiWeb. He writes books on subjects ranging from game design to web design. His books have sold over 20,000 copies since they were first published. His father was a long time acquaintance with Lee Tae-rang (Kim Nam-joo)

About a middle school teacher who would do anything for his beloved "Buddy" (Kim Woo-sung). As a result

A webtoon about a high school student named Lee Se-jin (Kim Gi-won) who spends his days dreaming of someday meeting his father

Han Goo-jin (Jang Yeon-hee) is a naïve school girl who desperately wants to be a teacher like her dead father. She also accidentally falls into a time capsule and wakes up in 1989

In 1994

A story of a man who fell in love with a woman who passed him on the bus and fell in love with her after losing his memory.

The story about a man who fell in love with a woman who passed him on the bus and fell in love with her after losing his memory.

"Time for a Vacation!" is a SAO drama that tells the story of two women whose souls switch bodies

Jang Na-ra (Lee Sun-kyung

After meeting at a computer game and playing cards

A television documentary about a group of employees at a href=""/wiki/House_of_cards"" title=""House of cards"" rel=""/wiki/House_of_cards"" title=""House of cards""House of cards/a./p

The series tells the story of the K-pop star Seohyun (Kim Ha-neul)

The series is about a mysterious house within a hospital that houses all kinds of abnormal objects

Nana is a bright hospital admissions counselor who is smart

Story about the housewife party doctor Kang Sun-mi (Choi Kang-hee) who understands men and women come in all different varieties. She also has a special condition known as ultrasonic memory which allows her to recall almost every detail of her life. Desperate to find her housekeeper

A love story between a man who remembers every detail of his life and someone else who forgot about him.

Story about a group of people who all find each other after leaving high school eighteen months earlier. Realizing a mistake made in their dating lives

Story about a group of friends who all feel that they are somehow related and cared for by their mothers and fathers. For example

A man desperately wants to be nothing more than an ordinary office worker. To that end

A man's wife Beul-jae (Jang Seo-hee) finds out that her husband is having an affair with another woman and attempts to get him to reveal his relationship. She forces their son to learn the secret behind her husband's illness and gives him the tools to uncover his identity.

Seo Young-ji (Kwon Sang-guk) has been working at an insurance firm for three years

A woman with an unusual case of cancer gets transferred from one of the best hospitals in Seoul to a rundown hospital with no ER. After disobeying his previous hospital director

Do Hyun-woo and Lee Tae-joo work at an event planning company

The series follows the story of the members of the K-pop girl group Tea Party. Since then

Lee Seo-ri (Lee Beom-ju) was abandoned by her parents as a child and betrayed by the man she loved. After suffering through school and saving the lives of others

While working at an event planning company

It tells the story of a mysterious and beautiful hospital that was established as a hospital in 1948

Lee Seo-ri (Jung Ryeo-won) is a survivor of the Japanese colonial rule in Korea who fled with her family to the United States after the death of their father. Reunited with her father after a fourteen year absence

After experiencing the bankruptcy and sudden death of her husband

Lee Seo-ri (Park Han-byul) is a survivor of the Korean War who was forced into labor camps by his country's communists. He is a doctor and a war hero because of the bravery of the officers and civilians of his unit.

Based on the life of Park Tae-joon

Eun-jin (Lee Byung-hun) is a junior high school senior who is sweet-natured and a happy-go-lucky high school drop out. One day

The series follows the story of Princess Il-Vaughn (Kim Byung-geun

Yen Yi-Soo is the luckiest guy in his marriage. He has a mysterious past in which he loses his parents and grows up into a brilliant but immature man

The story about a talented lawyer and a group of youngsters who all share the same mysterious past.

When she was very young

An ordinary and gorgeous college student

The fantasy contains elements of both romance and mystery. The main character is a third-year student from an ordinary university who is transferring to a prestigious college. He or she is popular

Story about a prosecutor who has to save the princesses of Both

The story takes place in the year 1994

Eighteen years ago

The fantasy story span two distinct periods

The story was adapted from the popular webtoon series

The story revolves around the daily lives of five individuals who became involved with each other during the college examinations to become qualified candidates for the academy of their choosing. The six remain friends to this day

The series details the tragic death of a woman who entered into a contract of love with an older man

A fantasy drama that looks at the hidden desires and loves of men and women in their thirties.

The fantasy drama involves a love story that spans thirty years. The story starts when Seo Eun-Hye (Lee Sun-Kyung)

Yoo Ha-eun is a happy-go-lucky middle-aged woman who works part-time as a scout for West Point. She has a passion for cooking

Detective Kang-soo (Jang Hyuk) is a skilled detective who gets a tattoo which identifies him as a member of the Korean High Society of Investigation. On top of that

This is a story about Choi Ra-hee (Han Suk-ho)

Kang Poong-sik (Lee Bo-doo) is a successful investigator who works for the legendary Joseon High School's national investigation team. To solve mysterious cases

Detective Kang-soo was raised by a Korean family and underwent many changes as a result of his father's business dealings

Kang Tae-hoon is a high school dropout who roams the streets at night with his two best friends. One day

The story of an investigative detective who has to solve mysterious cases and rescue people from danger while also protecting the reputation of his longtime partner

In the year 2050

After the unexpected death of her father

A detailed timeline is given to the story which details the events that happened within the span of one year since Princess Taelynn was born.

Long story short

High school senior Seo In-ha (Kwon Sang-wook) is a tomboy who prefers trousers to skirts

High school student Han Se-kyung (Lee Ji-yeon) is a tomboy who prefers trousers to skirts

Pensioner of the YG Family

The story of a middle school teacher who passes the baton to

After seeing his friend's baby girl

The drama revolves around a family drama that takes place in a fictitious middle-sized city. The story revolves around a family of five women in their 30s and 40s who are trying to raise their children in a loving manner.

At the center of the drama is Arirang

Love and War are two completely different stories. Love is a romantic comedy about a passionate and beautiful woman who gets cheated on by her long-term partner; in the end

The series revolves around Jang Deuk-hwa (Kim Ha-neul) who is a decorated war hero and captain of the South Korean air force. In his spare time

The protagonist of the series

Min Jae-young (Ha Ji-won) has been a district supervisor in the city police department for four years. While working there

The drama depicts the everyday struggles of Koreans living in Japan through the unique blend of action and drama genres.

The drama explores the meaning of personal style

Chun Ho-jin's (Lee Joon-gi) son

Oh Yeon-seo (Shim Yi-kyung) is a 23-year-old woman who moved to Japan with her family after her boyfriend was killed in a traffic accident.

Jin-wook and Yoo-na are childhood friends and have a special bond that blossoms into love between the two of them.

After an unfortunate incident involving the murder of his father

Jin-wook and Yoo-na are left with no other choice but to get married. They choose someone who will be a better match for them in the future.

The series is about a gifted young man named Oh Je-ha (Yoon Jong-hyun) who was abandoned by his parents as a child and raised by them as he embarks on a journey for revenge. Despite being orphaned himself

Ha Eun-bin (Kang Ji-won) is a managing director at a home shopping network. As he moves toward the end of his working life

Han Tae-joo (Kim Jun-myeon) is a former police and leader of Taeyang Insurance's investigators team

At that time

Chun Ji-ae is a highly trained exorcist who has the ability to bring about the apocalypse. She is hired by the federal government to investigate the mysterious disappearance of a high-profile celebrity judge. She discovers an alternate path which takes her to Africa

Over there

Go Eun-byul and Lee Eun-bi (both played by Kwon Sang-eun) are identical twins

The series revolves around the life of Kang Dan-i (Kim Jung-eun)

While investigating the murder of a celebrity judge

While hiding from the Chinese army during the Second Silla Military Coup

Detective Kang Tae-joo and undercover agent Lee Min-ho (both played by Kim Jung-eun) unite in their efforts to track down and punish those who would hurt the nation's happiness.

Cha Woo-jin (Kim Nam-gil) is a man who works as a graphic designer. He grew up in a poor family. After his parents are killed in a fire

Do Ba-young (Gong Hyo-jin) is the result of the hybrid

In the early stages of its launch

The drama tells the stories of the people who live and work in the electronic music industry. It is a realistic drama

The protagonist

After a series of unfortunate events

Joo Sun-eun (Joo Hyun-woo) is an aspiring musician and the main character in the musical Hamilton. She is the son of a Korean king. Her mother moonlights as a producer for music videos and records. Her father the king

The series is about four men and their families: an ambitious bureaucrat (Lee Joon-gi) struggles to get where he is in life; an intelligent young man (Park Si-soo) from an oppressed family (Sung Yu-ri

Dong-soo Shin (Yoo In-na) is the illegitimate child of a South Korean admiral and Kim Woo-jin (Hwang Jung-eum)

Gong Ah-Ran (Chae Soo-bin) is a music video game developer. She has a bright personality and nice looks. She lives with her best friend and family

Gil Soo-hyun (So Ji-sub) is a South Korean scam artist who inhabits the worlds of celebrities and scammers. He is a fraud and a con man

Kim Woo-soo (Yeon Woo-sun) is a successful screenwriter with an incredibly charming personality. He works for Kang Han-il

The series revolves on the life of Kim Woo-sol

The drama begins a year after the events of the first season. A new protagonist is introduced: a handsome and talented man named Lee Shi-kyu (Lee Yo-won). He is responsible for turning around the company which had ceased to exist a year previously.

The drama follows the life of a woman who manages a home shopping network.

Kang Da-il is a man who hides his identity and past from his wife Sang-woo (Moon Chae-won)

Yoo Sae-chan (Ku Hye-sun) is a prosecutor at Seoul Central District Prosecutors' Office. She also has an ex-boyfriend

Set in a fantasy world where humans and vampires coexist

Drifters is set in a world where humans and dragons coexist. The novel depicts a world where humans and dragons will one day reunite.

The story of a man who falls in love with an ordinary woman and asks her out on a date. The fantasy story begins when Yu Gi-seo (Kim Woo-kyung) who seems ordinary at first meets Wang Jung-eum (Heo Joon-gi) who looks and sounds ordinary. The two soon discover that together they are in a real-life scenario : their love story is about love and deception.

A man who lives with a paralysis makes the surprising discovery that he might be able to reach 200

Do Baek-ki (Park In-sun)

Long-standing enemies from before the war come together for one last desperate stand as they seek to prevent the war from spreading to the countryside. The fierce struggle will take place in

 Jae Jung-i (Bae Yong-won) - the only son of a prominent police officer

The drama revolves around the romance between drama queen Mi-tae (Seo In-hye) and former ballerina turned politician Choi Won-ki (Inhye's son)

The story of a dour and stubborn old man named Go Do-hye who fears that he will lose his fortune by revealing his identity to a younger Lee Hae-jung (Lee Hong-ki) who has inherited his aunt's fortune after marrying into one of the rich. A mischievous fox

Na Asuna is a 14-year-old who attends the middle school she was kicked out of because of her family's financial difficulties. She has an uncle who struggles with his grief and struggles to give her the attention of his other children. Na Asuna's mother died a year ago when Asuna was very young. Na Asuna spend most of her time at home with her uncles and aunt. When she goes to the store she often runs into three or four men; each of them is struggling with their own issues. Na Asuna frequently comes across a boy named Lee Byung-hee who is similar in age to her own brother

Go Eun- byul is the story of a young man who finds himself lost in the countryside with his mother and sister. Eun-jae is an orphan who was left behind by her parents as she was taken in by Louis Verne.

Goo Eun-ja was once a pure and innocent girl. But that all changes when she is betrayed by her lover

The series begins with the ROK Army crossing of the 38th parallel while conducting combat exercises with the US Army at the Battle of Korea.  The story then jumps to the Korean War era

The series is a coming of age story about high school students reliving their teenage years.

The period drama about the heartthrob

Set against the backdrop of the Korean entertainment business

The story of doctors and exorcists protecting people together at CAM yuki Hospital.

The story of two people who first meet online and soon develop a relationship when they start exchanging text messages.

The story of three middle-aged women who all of them experienced a life changing event: they lost their loved ones in a fire

Yu IlHan who is in the midst of coaching an international women's college football team faces off against his childhood friend Kang Han

Han Jae-woo is a surgeon who is transferred from one of the best hospitals in Seoul to a rundown hospital with no ERG reason to visit. Despite being in a worse financial position than before he left Korea to study abroad in France

At the reunion of an astronomy club

Moon Gang-tae is a star witness at a murder trial and helps solve the mystery of a missing woman who goes missing during a party with her friend

Jang Jae-hee is the illegitimate child of a middle-aged woman who marries an alien prince. She witnesses the murder trials of her parents until one day she realises that she is the daughter of the King Gang-tae. In order to solve her father's murder

The plot revolves around the love story of an ordinary courtesan

The series tells the story of three middle-aged women who  graduated from the same high school in the same university district. Jung Tae-ju is a head courtesan at the masquerade club

Four single people: one who is happy with the status quo; two who are broke

Oh Bong-soo

The series follows a group of university students—young and old—as they graduate from high school and embark on a journey of discovery.

This drama is based on the classic 18th century French novel

Han Ji-yeon (Im Yoo-goo) starts her career as a dishwasher at KFC but quickly develops a discerning knife-like taste in cooking. She eventually works her way up to become a food writer and eventually a celebrity chef. Along the way

Set in the era of Joseon Dynasty period dress

Cheongdam-dong is the seat of wealth and prestige in Korean high society

Yeon Woo sees things only in grey light. His father Eunji was a famous actress who once romanced the popular Lee Cha-young (Kim Yo-han). One day

Gaya in Korea is often associated with food

At the reunion of an astronomy club

When everything you believed in for your entire life turns out to be a devastating lie

The hidden agenda behind ""Gross Script"" is revealed when it comes to Yoo Mirae (Kim Yoon-gi). Yoo Mirae is an illegitimate son of a billionaire construction company executive

The life changing story about a young man who is drafted into the Korean army and thrust into the middle of a bizarre and dangerous situation. He soon learns that his military service is an honorable one and that he is not a threat to anyone.

Yoon Yoo-soo (Lee Sang-yoon) once dreamed of becoming a singer but like his father before him can only play the part that is given to him by the puppet master. Yoo-soo's talent and talent alone cannot make him a successful singer so he decides to become a hapkido teacher instead.

Choi Bool-gi (Hwang Chun-jae) had once been a top manager in his workplace

Kim Do-hyun (Park Jin-myung)

Chae-ok is a struggling secretary who is forced to quit after being accused of misbehavior at work. She ends up in a position of power and friendship with a man named Soo-myung (Seo Jae-min) who has gone through many ups and downs in his life but is always calm and collected. One day

Yook Dong-kwang (Choi Woo-jin) and Lee Shin-woo (Shin A-kyung) are near death together. In his last moments

Do Hyun-wook (Jang Hyuk) died three years ago after a car accident suffered fatal injuries. Yoon-hwa was driving Yoo-go to the hotel where her aunties were staying when suddenly   Lee Hyun-wook (Yoon Kye-sang) wheeled up alongside a pile of tires. Yoon-hwa stopped and got out of the car but Hyun-wook couldn't reach the door because he had a heart condition

Seo Jung-eun (Park Han-byul) and Lee Ma-rin (Hyun Ae-wook) were childhood friends who fell desperately in love and married at 19 after struggling to get their parents' approval. But after Lee Ma-rin got divorced from her boyfriend

Jin-mi and Hyung-wook began their love life at an early age growing up together in the same orphanage. They were inseparable during their schooling days

Lee Jung-sook (Lee So

 intends to become a neurologist. His objective is not to understand the causes or cure the illed of his master Arirang

Kim Min-jung is the granddaughter of a nobleman

Oh Hyun-kyung is the daughter of a Christian pastor who has grown up in an orphanage. When she goes to attend the funeral of her grandfather

Park Hae-Ja (Chae Soo-bin) is a successful television news anchor who is passionate in her work. When her boss mysteriously dies without giving any reason

The plot follows three couples in their 40s over their relationships

It's common for people in their 30s to get divorced before they reach the end of their working life. However

A TV news anchor and anchor team up to report on the news from the set of an international diplomatic mission.

Goo Eun-jae (Han Hye-soo) is a bright college student who is extremely stubborn. She refuses to give up on her dream of becoming a top actress. Enter an alliance with a former classmate and fellow student Lee Hae-Jin to try and realize her dream.

Go Aith-Min is a woman in her mid-30s

The series follows Eun Jong 

The series is set in the aftermath of political maneuverings within the ruling Saengan administration.

The drama explores the various aspects of love.

Jang Mi Rae is a former police officer and now a managing director at a credit union. She is a strong believer in justice and truth and works diligently to prove them. Her life changes completely when she becomes engaged to a man whose past betrayals cause him immense pain.

Based on the life of Kim Dong-hee

The drama is about a married couple`s struggle to achieve whatever it is that they want in life.

Cha Woo (Son Ye-jin) is a man who has lived a life of many humiliations. His childhood was brutally torn apart by his mother's insanity and his father`s indifference. His younger brother was abandoned by his grandparents while his grandmother tried to juggle her responsibilities as a homemaker and running the grocery store. While chasing ghosts

Eun Ha-Young (Jung Yun-hee)

Hae-Jin (Choi Ji-woo) is the granddaughter of a nobleman. Her whole being is wrapped around Choi Woo (Jang Hyuk)

The series explores the relationships between High School Girl Baek Young-Jin (Moon Geun-young) and the High School Girl

Han Ye-Jin is the illegitimate child of an elderly man.

It is two completely different kinds of people pursuing their own happiness. One is a scam artist

Gwanghae Entertainment Co. is a major conglomerate that controls the network and television channels. Because of this

The series is about a group of four high school students who find their own happiness while learning the value of hard work.

The drama begins in the mid-6th century with the death in battle of Baek Jin-joo

Cha Woo was once a top-ranked warlord

Gu Young

. Gown

Go Eun-chae (Kim So-yeon) is a member of the Women's U-7 team. She is highly respected and valued by her colleagues. She is a student at Chuljungma University

In the year 2100

Yoo Ji-soo witnessed an assassination attempt attempt commit suicide by shooting herself in the face but she was stopped because of her boyfriend

Kim Hye-soo is a music producer

In 1983

Shin Young-joo is a girl dreaming of becoming a singer. She meets Oh Ji-seok (Oh Ji-seok) who is a college student at the time and they get engaged after hearing the singer's song.

Kim Hye-soo (Park Jin-hee) is the CEO of a public relations company

Yoon Hae has been in a 4-year-old relationships

Jung Hae-sun was in a 5-year-old relationship with her boyfriend Hye Sun-bae

Hong Yi-young witnessed a murder but she cannot remember anything about what happened. With the help of Jang Jae-kyung

Choi Woo-jin witnessed a murder but he did not write the book. He works as a private investigator

Yeon Woo is a successful sports agent with some famous clients

Shin Young-jae is a high school student who dreams of becoming a pro soccer player. He is extremely shy

Choi Woo is an American scientist who is in the country to conduct genetic research. Due to his shy personality

In one day

Yeon Woo and his sister Toynbee were kidnapped while playing cards in front of an abandoned high-rise building

Yeon Woo is an orphan who was left by his father as a child. His story gets told through the 15 years he spends attending school

Han Tae-sang

Kim Young-joo is a surgeon who is kind

Kim Young-joo feels like he is leaving behind something special when he marries Kang Soon-ok

The story follows the story of Kim Soon-jung

Kim Soon

Choi Han-jung (Lee Shi-yoon) and Kim Soon-jung (Bang Min-jung) are identical twins

In a middle-class family

Yeon Woo is a brash young man who does not stand still and boldly faces challenges head-on. He does not back down from a fight even when it is threatened to his family. Led by his father

Choi Woo and Toynbee had a childhood together but were separated during the day as they were "gifted" by their mother

Kim Soon-jung

The story of four young people who grow up in an orphanage while their parents struggle to make ends meet.

In the year 2100

Yoon K

ong to play the violin. He then graduates in 2010 with a degree in mechanical engineering

Joo Woo-hyun is the only son of a prominent police officer. Raised by a single mother

The story of a bumbling lawyer and a womanizer who falls in love with a passionate antisocialist lawyer Woo-chul Hwang. The two manage to fool around with each other and find themselves falling for each other's swans before eventually figuring out they are each other's true love.

The drama begins in 1999

The story of Kim Suho

Kim Doo-hyun (Uhm Gi-tae) is a dandy-ish executive in his 40s. He and his wife Kim Min-hyuk (Kang Joon-ho) have four daughters: a daughter in law

Noh Ae-won (Han Seung-wook) is the daughter of a high school principal. She lives with her grandmother in the countryside and her other half is a daughter from the other parent

Yeo Gong-hyun (Ahn Yi-hyun) is a widower whose two daughters share the same title nurse at a hospital with the other half of his previous wife. As the daughters grow up

Lee Jeong-hyun (Park Jun-gyu) is the daughter of a furniture merchant who works as a talent scout for a major company. Her wild and crazy father knows no bounds and risks everything. Her momma

Go Hyak (Song Seung-heon) is an orphan who finds himself at home among his own discarded objects after his family moved to a countryside village. He has to get rid of two things at once. Among other things

The stories between family members in their final years of life can be vivid. For example

Yoo Eun-sung and her two daughters were divorced five years ago. In the meantime

Go Hye-jin (Ji Jin-hee) and Jung Daewoo (Uhm Gi-tae) are both in their 40s and suffering from dementia. While working with a talent scout

As the story revolves around a talented singer-songwriter couple Jung Hyo-jin (Go Da-hee) and Yoon Kyung-bong (Yoon Ga-rok) from a young age

This is a romantic comedy tale about two imperfect individuals who fell in love with each other. Seo Soo-hyun is the daughter of a pastor: her father died as a result of a family dispute and Soo-hyun herself experienced a severe mental breakdown after her mother remarried. Her younger sister was left behind because she has a heart

As a child

After watching many porno's

A story about doctors who work at the party hotel.

Story about a boy who is put in charge of putting on the party's 'XXth Annual F*cking Party' when his father says that he should not be put in charge of anything and that he should be handed a weapon to carry out his duties. The story then tells the story of the X-rated singer-songwriter

The story of Kim Su-ro

Cha Eun-ho (Hyung Pil-sung) is a tough

Story about a girl called Sun Eun-woo who dreams of being known as the first ever "gumiho" (a female substitute for "ohno" in Japanese). So far

Yoon Do-hyun is a man who sacrifices everything for the sake of others. He is the Vice Chairman (Park) of the housing committee and responsible for bringing down the house price of his peers.

The story details the life of the 

When the president of South Korea's largest bank dies

The titular ""Summer Star"" is a 14-year-old girl who dreams of becoming an actress. She struggles to find the right school to take her and finds herself struggling for her identity as she tries to fit in.

The story details the relationship between Choi Se-kyung (Eugene)

Choi Soon-young (Shin Sung-rok) is a talented doctor of anesthetists. Having a PhD in pathology

Park Jung-eul

In order to promote Hanukkakkah

Hanukkakkah is a holiday in Korea that celebrates the return of home and the first love

Hanuk-hee and Park Jung-eul met once but she grew up apart and he only went to her cousin Jun-myung's wedding. They miss her a lot and she does not feel the need to see him much. Eventually

Han Ji-Sung (Uee) and Park Ji-Woo (Ji Jin-hee) once attended high school together

The series is about the romantic and sexual experiences of Korean and foreign students at Hanuk-dong Academy

Han Kang-sil (Yoon-eui) is an energetic 19-year-old

Kang Poong-hee (Uee) has a daughter named Mi-ra (아블)

Kim Yoo (Chae Soo-bin) becomes a bus conductor

Han Jung-mi (So Ji-sub) was abandoned by her husband and father died in a fire. Her mother became a nun; she cared for her grandmother; she was abandoned by her stepfather and sister; and she had to confront her mother's death after she hurt her grandmother's mother. Jung-mi survived a fire extinguisher thrown from a moving car

Lee Ma-ha (Jung Yun-ho) becomes a prosecutor at the age of 21 and becomes a talented prosecutor. She is also a bit vain

Han Hye-ja (Nana) is a member of the K-pop girl group Tea Party. Unlike her predecessor

Kim Rae-won (Choi Hoon-gi) is a hard worker who sacrifices nothing in his daily life. He is a student of Chun Ji High School and the son of Kim Min-kyu. However

Kim Rae-won (Chun Jung-eun) loses his father and narrowly escapes poverty because of it. His mother died in a fire due to a traffic accident a year after the incident. His father struggles to raise him but eventually gives up and marries an actress called So Ji-seul. He then inherits his father's company

The drama revolves around the lives of current-day school teachers as they explain the nuances of their craft.

Kim Woo-jin (Park Soon-chun) is a fun-loving

After graduating from college

Lee Seun-young (Lee Ha-neul

Jin Jin Yi (Ji Jin-hee) is a single girl working as a hair stylist in her 30s. All of a sudden

The series opens with the murder of a mother (Kang Ji-ahn) and their newborn baby (Lee Jae-gon). As a member of the Taejon High School Hair stylists Guild, Jin-hee serves as the school's stylist for the school's famous gangsta/hardcore

A story about the rise and fall of an elite group of college students living on campus.

Lee Seung-ah (Park Hae-jin)

The series is about the future bride price-gouging bridal shop assistant (Park Hae-jin) Kang San (Jin Hyuk) at Geo Hotel. Hong Chun Ji-ah (Park Hae-jin) is a 36-year-old woman working as a freelance hairstylist to a billionaire (Kim Jung-jae)

Set in the early 20th century of Joseon

The story revolves around a mysterious company called 'SkyBridge Capital Partners

Furniture designer Park Dae-gi (Lee Yeon-sung) is deeply in debt to his older brother

Kang Poong-ho is a lowly executioner stationed at the prison who was recently promoted to sergeant. Because of this

A drama about a group of wacky prisoners who collectively smuggle themselves into the maximum security prison at Camp Pendrell

A story of a group of university students trying to get their hands on a mysterious orb that will allow them to fly and an unfortunate accident causes them to lose their footing. They start their own daredevil race to get the highest level of skill and escape from Camp Pendrell

Seo Im is a 35-year-old housewife

Noh Ki-ah (Min Woo-jin) has a special condition called hyperthymesia that enables him to remember virtually every emotional moment within a five-minute period. He confides in Hwang Ji-ahn (Hong Joon-sang)

The story tells about an air hostess who's devoted to her host husband Baek

Kim Chunchu is a talented DJ/producer who met his fate at a drunk party. After struggling to recover from his car accident

The series depicts a woman whose name is Eun-soo

Yoon Bok-hee is a first-generation Korean citizen and the only daughter of a prominent police officer. She is a pure and innocent-hearted

Noh Ae-jung (Lee Je-hoon) is an innocent Korean high school student who gets swept up in a series of events that results in him becoming a suspect in a murder case. He narrowly escaped death after a road accident with his best friend and studies were ruined by a gang of teenagers who sped past them without paying. Realizing his mistake

Yoon-pil (Choi Bool-am) is a 21-year-old university student. He is the only son of a policeman and the only son of a woman. Yoon-pil's mother

Set during the turbulent years of the Korean cabinet

Yoo Mir is a tough

Based on the life of the fictional South Korean pop-star

Lee Seon-joo is an innocent schoolgirl in the year 2061 who lives with the

Kim Yeon-seok (Yoo Han-joon) joined the drama and became a courtesan. He has a passion for cooking and has a wonderful sense of smell

A story about how two women overcame poverty and wed after overcoming many difficult things to become parents.

Woo Shin-joo (Song Seung-heon) is a woman who has been married twice. Her ex-boyfriend Joon Ki-bum (Hye-ae) is a man who always had a tough temper and would do anything for anyone. Oh Ye-jin (Oh Ji-so) is the child of an elderly woman living alone who was abandoned by his parents as a child. He was adopted as a child by the Wang family

The mysterious cause behind earthquake damage at Euljal's restaurant leads to a murder case when a mysterious liquid is revealed.

Eudaly became pregnant when Euljal was a child. Euljal was forced to give up his soul for the sake of the restaurant

The stories inside the Drama are about people who love to dance and about their emotions with aplomb. Their clothes and backgrounds do not change.

Jang Eun-ho (Kim Nam-gil) married a rich man and had two sons: Park Jung-seok (Jung Jae-myeon)

Go Han-myung (Kim Ah-joong) and Nam Jae-kwang (Park Ye-jin) married after having separated from their wives

The story of two families whose members learn to appreciate each other

This is the drama which tells the story of the evolution of fashion in Korea from the 1960s

After becoming a prosecutor

After graduating from college

At the end of the 19th century

Moon Ah-jin (Park Tae-ho) and Lee Se-yeon (Lee Min-soo) started a flamboyant fashion business together. It all came crashing down as Seo Hyun-joo (Jung Seok-yeon) and Han Ye-seok (Kim Ki-bum) accidentally walked into each other's shops during a botched business venture. This is the beginning of their romance

Kim Yi-gon was once a top-ranked investment banker

The story of three women who fell in love with each other while studying together in college. Seo Yoo-yeon (Lee Mi-ra)

Yeon-kyung (Sung Hye-sung) and Ji-yeon (Jung Yu-ri) developed a crush on each other after meeting at a conference together. After meeting at her hotel room

Jung Kuk-ho (Song Ha-wan) was once a top-ranked investment banker

Yoon Jung-yeon (Oh Hyun-jin)

The two strongest items on the resume of anyone who wants to become a prosecutor are your luck and your ability to solve murders.

Chae Seok-hyun (Chun Ji-yoon) is a prosecutor at Seoul Central District Prosecutors' Office who was trained in criminal investigation. He was put in charge of the case of a serial killer who died in a fiery crash in 2007.

Jung Kyung-ho (Seok Ji-ae) is a prosecutor at the Seoul Central District Prosecutors' Office whose first love is Seo Eun-hye. They marry at 15 and have three children: Yang Yi

Go Eun-hye was born into a dysfunctional family of four siblings.  A genius with the ability to see{

A story about a woman who is driven by personal ambition and a dark past towards her father

The series tells the story of four doctors who work together to solve complex patient cases. It also shows the doctors working together through their thirties

Story of a doctor who has developed a powerful bone growth countermeasure which he can only use under strict medical supervision

The story concerns a woman who was kidnapped and turned into a powerful dark-energy being by her step-mother

Kang Woo-rim is a detective team headstrong and fierce without flinching from a fight to the death to prove her peership and win respect among her peers. She carries a gun with her. She has a long temper, bordering on physical violence; it is only natural for her to be cold and distant from others.

Kim Je-hoon is a popular writer of webtoons about couples who love to dance

Woo Kang-rim is a music teacher. One day

The story of a lawyer who can read people's memories by using an experimental brain technique. It also tells the story of one of Korea's top-ranked women in stock broker

The series tells the love story of Baek Eun-so and Kang Mi-tae

Baek Eun-so worked as a reporter at a magazine company for five years. One day

Woo Suk-ho is a genius with an IQ of 300 and the sole survivor of his litter. His mother died when he was a child

Chae Seol-ri married a rich kimchi-loving businessman and had an unhappy childhood because of the way his mother used to discipline him. One day

This is a psychological suspense thriller about a woman who was raped and tortured by her former boyfriend

Han Ye-ja was a tough

A talented neurosurgeon is asked to go to live with Ma Gook-gi who was sexually abused as a child by her abusive father

The series opens with a car accident involving a woman who was run over by a car. The driver of a car that was involved in the accident dies from her injuries and a mysterious

Baek Tae-sang is a genius whose parents are in debt for supporting his elder brother's business ventures. His brother Daesong is an engineer at a defense company who has a hard time getting a job due to his shy personality and shy sister

Na-rang-tae is a former special forces soldier and a decorated war hero who rose through the ranks and became a top warrior. But unbeknownst to him

Lee Kkondae is the illegitimate son of the 60-year-old traditional Buddhist monk and vice-principal student of a premier law firm. In an effort to clear his father's name

The story of Gensokyo mayor and detective Yoon Gyu-rim

The drama depicts the tumultuous relationship between the late Honjo and Yoon Seong-pyeong who became head of the Yoosi Cultural Heritage Park and managed to retain much of their parents' wealth and honor while the latter was in jail.

The story details the trial and separation of an extraordinary couple.

As an amnesiac post-modernist

-the-road drama and the protagonist is a preppy brash young man with no other choice but to work as a courier to help his father who became a criminal the previous year.  He is a skilled person and a good man.  He is the product of a privileged and wealthy family.  He has been handed down to his grandparents as heir since his father and brother died in a car accident.  His mother died in childbirth too and his father died developing lung cancer after being struck by a bus.  His cousin passed away from an unknown cause and his sister aged five.  He survived.  He is a precocious child.  He is bright.  He is brave.  He is loyal, brave, pure and bright.  He is beautiful.  He has bright pink hair.  He has long blue lashes.  He is wearing a pink lipstick.  He speaks in very formal and formal apertures.  He is very polite.  He is proud of his parents and sister.  He is wearing a pair of glasses.  He is holding a wallet.  He is using a branded plastic bag.  Tooru is an orphan and working a graveyard shift at a laundromat when he suddenly has the ability to see and feel people's pain.  He had it all figured out.  He was always funny and cuddly-looking

A man of many talents

Nam Joo-yeon was once a popular model and now works in a hair salon. She still has her childhood memories of wearing make-up and has changed her style several times throughout her life

Lee Young-ji (Choi Soo-yoon) is a successful lawyer who was the first vice-chairman of the Korean Brokers Association. He also happens to be Jang-mi's childhood friend. After she marries Kang Hyuk (Ha Sung-gyu) a rich businessman Seo Young-pyo (Kim So Young) comes from a long line of wealthy Jangjoo-dong business people and asks if he shouldn't marry her. Lee Young-pyo agrees and the two begin to search for the perfect bride. Their search takes them through some pretty rough spots

Na Young-jin and her husband Jin-goo have known each other for many years. But this love story is about to come crashing down as Na Young-jin is about to be divorced and Jin-goo is about to move to Seoul with his future wife. The ending of the story will be foreboding

Story of a woman whose identity is hidden behind a false identity and a ruthless ruthless business deal for whom the name "Stigmata" means "a return to the dark ages"

At the center of this mysterious story is Kang Yi-da

The story follows Kang Chae-n (Yoon Jong-yoo) and his brother Kang Hyuk (Hyun Jung-hyun) as they all attempt to recover from a tragic accident on the eve of their wedding day. As a normal police officer

"Gwangi Hyeong" (Kim Dong-hae) has been a housewife for the past twelve years. However, she does not cook and lives a grandiose life as a witch chef. In order to keep her identity hidden from everyone

On the contrary, she is an incredibly shy housewife! Unbeknownst to her

The story of an innocent

Dae-hoon and Hyung-soo (Shin Tae-kyung) are two of the most popular undergraduate and graduate students at Kyung-il College. Hyung-soo

Woo Jae-il (Yang Jae-il) was once a top student hoping to be admitted to Yonsei University

The story of Kang Da-young (Kim Rae-won) and his friends Kang Jae-il (Park Ha-bin) and Kang Woo-joo (Han Seo-yeon) as they learn to appreciate their hard work and passion. Also included is Yoo Yoo

The story of a man who cannot forget the day he first met Seung-hyuk

Han Goo-mi is the daughter of a chaebol family who lives alone with her two sisters. She is smart and ambitious

Jang Ji-hoon is a handsome groom whose handsome looks and confident personality make him seem like a prince. He is also blind

A man named So-hyun (Park In-ae) who was adopted into the family and raised in an orphanage. After working as a bouncer at a KFC for a broadcasting station for a year

The story of a man who finds a mysterious pill that will allow him to become a witch

After a catastrophic car crash kills the female protagonist Yoon Ha-Jin

Han Yeo-won (Han Seung-yeon) is the vice-chairman of a major corporation. Just when he's about to go under the knife for a chest reconstruction

A story about a woman who finds her long-lost twin sister

A story about the mysterious 'Scarlet Bride'

The stories of people who do hard time in the jail called 'The Pit' under the direction of their captors. Seo Eun-dae is the vice president of a law firm; she's also in trouble for taking home too many payoffs. Her partner is Jin-hwan is the first son in the family. Together

Han Tae-hoo (Park Hae-joon) is the son of an imperial family who served several years in prison. He spends his days begging people to forgive him

In her youth

The story of a girl named Seo Eun-dae who entered a men's grooming center

Han Jung-soo (Jung Ji-hyun) was in a car accident

Seo Eun-chae (Lee Min-kyung) is a child who entered the men's grooming center with her father and was saved by her brother. Meanwhile

Cha Dae-hee is an orphan who entered the Women's Market only to find that she must sell her soul to a rich man. Alongside her friends Lee Bo-ho and Yoo Il-ri/

Lee Eun-hwa is in over her head with her brother Kang-san's friends. They decide to marry and have a family. Meanwhile

Jung Yeon-hee is a single mother whose husband has died. As soon as she gets married

Set in the world of Korean television broadcasting

Jang Na-ra is a successful but cold-blooded businessman who has never been hurt by others. He is also blind.

The story of Kim Hye-chan (Kim Hye-chan) who becomes pregnant with the child of a rich family and tries to make her parent's eternal love over again. It is up to Han Gi-na (Go Yoon-Hwa)

Kang Dong-gu is a genius who could see the future and make it. But at twenty years old

Cha Yi-so is an orphan living in a city with his two best friends. One day

The drama follows the lives of four people living in an unnamed small town.

The show revolves around a high school drama that takes place in the world of drama

Jealous and anxious

Park Ji-hoon (Kim Jin-hee) is the director of entertainment at a Korean entertainment company

A story of six people fighting to become the top celebrity chefs in the world.

Han Sang-woo (Kim Jung Seo) is a 31-year-old man who became a top chef six years ago. He fails at his new career as a corporate VP of marketing at Sungeo Corp. and instead takes up the challenge of becoming a top chef

The story of the drama's cast of characters as they struggle to navigate their new lives

It tells the story of five people whose names and identities have been suppressed by their families.

The story revolves around the story of four men and one woman working on their careers: one of whom becomes a lawyer; the other four become doctors; and the fifth became a spy, working undercover in spy agencies.

The story of three sisters who lost everything in the 1997 Kobe earthquake.

In order to survive their financial difficulties while searching for their children following the devastating earthquake that devastated their home town

Seoujin Joo-hee starts high school as the youngest of five children. She quickly gains the respect of her brothers and sisters

Kang Ha-na

When everything you believed in for your whole life turns out to be a horrible lie

Cha Ji-ae (Won Gi-seok) is a head trial judge who punishes the guilty by giving them lifetime prison terms without parole. He also has a history of untimely deaths

Lee Young-hee (Park Sun-hee) was born to a royal family but was separated from her mother at birth. Her mother (Kim Seoy-hyang) has been a housewife for more than twenty years to her five children. Her eldest daughter (Kim Seo-yeon)

A drama about doctors and medicine-ka

In a world where time stops at "the black spot" and where a criminal justice system is completely different to the one in our society

The story of a genius doctor and the detectives and criminals he or she deals with in his or her daily work and life. 

A drama that looks at the inner workings of corporate executives. The story starts when a man named Jeong Geun-won works for an insurance company as a sales rep

A story about Han Myung Jung (-now deceased)

Jang Sae-hoon (Choi Ji-woo) is a genius who once dreamed of becoming a neurosurgeon. Instead, he became a lawyer. While in his early thirties

A romantic comedy

The story of a man who was thrown out of school because of a "failing average intelligence quotient" and became a busboy at an entertainment terminal. His childhood was marred not only by the death of one of his parents

A story about an eccentric and ambitious busboy named Oh Jung Min-chi (Hyun Bin)

Jin Se-yeon (Lee Se-yeon) is the eldest daughter in the family. Her ambitious mother

 singer to be, um, well-spoken

Yoon Ah-Won (Ji Jin-woo) is a married woman who had a child with her long-term partner

Ji Jin-woo and Woo Ji-soo's son (Ji Jin-woo) and daughter (Ji Ji-soo)

Set during the reign of King Tonggeok (1816–17)

While looking around for a suitable apartment to rent for a holiday with her daughter

Ji Woong-jong has a history when it comes to murder. She was once a successful writer of mystery novels and a member of the Yoo Jae-woo family literary club. Now that she is retired

A story about the time-travelling crime writer Yeoman Lee (Jin Ha-young) who is in a bind and scared to be seen with a woman. He goes to interview a woman named Shi-ho (Kim Hyun-woo) to discover out what the real meaning of love is. With this love story

The drama revolves around two women who were once members of the same family (Ha Dong-ho and Kang Joo-jin) but met again as children to escape the harsh life situation and then had two separate pregnancies. One of the pregnancies ends in miscarriage. Lee Jung-myung (Lee Kyung-min) is the one that bears the fruit of the miscarriage. So-rim (Jung Eun-kyung) is a genius pianist

The series is about an aspiring musician Lee Jin-woo (Yoon Kang-bung) who doesn't like music. He then meets a musical genius

The story of a genius writer Kim Yu-ja

The series is about a genius high school professor of music. He then receives a message for an audition for a new music instructor

The series is about a woman who, when she was a child

Kim Ji-woo is a beautiful 28-year-old housewife who has no plans to get engaged and who lives alone with her biological father. So-ju (Lee Yoon-sung)

The series explores five families: one family headed by the husband and one family headed by the wife. The series focuses on the inner thoughts and feelings of the spouses to the best of their ability

Set in the early 1800s

The drama is about a man who was betrayed by his lover

Kim Do-joon (Seo Jung-soo) is a brilliant doctor who has lived two lives. One day

A romance story about a man who becomes a nurse in order to help those in need. Kim Hyeon (Choi Seung-hyun) is a talented nurse with an intelligent personality. She is smart and attractive

This drama is about three women who have different dreams for the future of the family that they have inherited from their parents.  The three are then forced to work together in order to achieve their respective dreams.

At the tender age of nine

It tells the story of the lives of three people in their early thirties and how they slowly but surely take control of the lives of others. It is a story of romance between the protagonist Ha-do and the rest. On the day she marries a future heir(Jin-ho)

Jung Soo-young (Lee Bo-young) is a single girl who has no plans of starting a family out of loveendof

[Written by Jae-young Kang] (Gohan/Korean:  레비리-gi) 

Lee Hae-young (Oh Ji-sung) has a mental disability that makes her unable to speak. She cannot leave her house without assistance

Chae-min (Chae-ho-young) and Kang Han-young (Lee Min-jung) are both widowed and have been living separately for eleven years. Each has their separate reasons for having children. One of them has decided to get pregnant and carry a child together with his former partner Han Kyung-ha. Although Han Kyung-ha has been carrying since she was sixteen months pregnant

Chae Se-yeon was bullied at school and was never liked. His first love is Tae Joon-young

Jang Hye-soon (Kim Han-kyung) is a single mother raising her daughter Ha-ra in a loving home. The two develop a strong relationship without conflict and enjoy the same mother-daughter bond.

A man and a woman who were

A man who cannot die of old age

Novembers Eve (日本語) is a fictional year of extreme poverty and despair for a group of young women living in the fictional tropical city of Makati. A wealthy company that manufactures luxury watches is planning to move its headquarters to a new location in Makati. The new location will be far enough for the women to safely disappear

Two people who work in tandem

Jae-woo (Park Se-kyun) is a genius child who has the ability to read people's thoughts. She was born into a poor family and was raised by his older brother and sister. Her mother always tells him not to trust anyone and to set his heart on work. But Jae-woo's poor upbringing is all the more tragic. The story begins after Jang Suk-hee was murdered

The series is a mixture of contemporary drama and fantasy. Joon-myung is a married couple who works as a salesperson in his first love

The story centers around the romantic life of a handsome young man who entered into his third marriage due to a misunderstanding after his girlfriend leaves him. He embarks on a 14-day 'getaway holiday' through the city of Shimpo.

A fantasy series about a magician

The series tells the story of three women who all desperately look for love.

Jin-sang (Song Seung-heon) is a successful author of children's books. She's a middle-aged housewife who has been married twice in the past. When her house is raided by magicians

Moo Seo-ja (Sung Joon) is a successful author of children's books. He's a fourth-generation Korean family man raised on a farm

As a child

The story begins when an ambitious young couple

King Dong-daemon (Kim Sun-gil)

The story opens in the early 1900s

A fantasy story between a man who grows a tail and his young daughter as a result of incest.

Go Byung-hee (Hyun Bin) is the product of a wealthy family with a genius baby boy. She wants to be loved by him but her mother is constantly beating her and giving up hope that she can ever be loved. Her only hope is to have a miracle from a man who loves her

Young Joon-hee (Kim Young-joo) is a South Korean national hero who became a military medic because he was born with physical gifts. He is an ace of the Korean Air Force and Army National Guard who is qualified to kill and faces a desperate need to defend the nation from terrorism while on active duty. Joon-hee is also a genius

Fantasy lovers will enjoy a romantic comedy that tells the story of three people who bond over the things that separate them: love

A romantic comedy about Choi Tae-heon

A romantic comedy about a genius student Kang Hye-jung

A North Korean general and his two top subordinates have long been rivals due to their rivalry between the communist regime's ruthless military leadership and the rule of law. The current ruler(?)

Jin Goo is a widower who moves to South Korea after his divorce. His only daughter is living in the United States and she wants to raise Jin Goo's daughter on her own so she can love a good man. Jin Goo tries to make himself scarce while he embarks on

As the leader of a team of three police officers to investigate the death of a young man

The drama centers around the romance between a wealthy and beautiful girl

The story of an old maid (Miyoko) and her little daughter (Yoon Il) whose relationships evolve as the family grows

The drama is about the romance of two men who entered the world of romance after the latter is abandoned by her boyfriend after she has gotten married. It centers on their high school days

The drama revolves around two women who try to live an independent, happy life as one after they are separated after a car crash lands in front of the family home

Kim Do-hoon is a very shy

About a former head chef (Kang Min-seok)

He told me that he wants a divorce but I told him that I wanted a divorce as well

A story about a woman who has lost her fortune and is trying to make amends even as she tries to raise her five children under the strict family budget as a single mother. Her younger sister (Andrea)

The tale of two people who are so in love that they begin a relationship. One day

The series is about a woman who is married to a millionaire but divorced her first husband to get rid of his money. A subsequent divorce and legal reconciliation leads both into a successful marriage as a new parents. The couple have two sons

A love story about a man who has a childhood trauma that he is left to navigate through without help. Han Da-young is a hapless high school drop out who becomes a doctor specializing in human anatomy. His partner in the venture

This is a relationship between a boy/girl

Set in the mid-20th century New York where love and sexual attraction are based on feelings

The love story of a young man (Lee Bo-soon)

The romance is set during the turbulent and troubled Korean Civil War that began in 1954 and ended in a ceasefire after 70 years in 1993. When the war's horrors are exposed to the outside world

A powerful businessman plots to overthrow the current head of Samsung Electronics

Bae Tae-hoon (Choi Han-kyo) starts a relationship with a wealthy businesswoman who is only interested in his business interests

The series depicts a time when society values beauty and elegance over appearance and sexual function.

Set mainly in the fictional K-pop music industry of the fictional K-pop variety known as Blue Grass Broadcasting (or "BKBB" to its users)

The series tells the true story of what may be the first ever interracial love story. In 1872

A mysterious woman

The series is about a woman and a man who begin a romantic relationship after falling madly in love with each other. But they soon discover that love has its dark side and tragic consequences.

Set in a fictional Korean town of Seongnam and centered on the music industry

Based on real-life relationships between an American military chaplain

The series is about a man who loses his mother while trying to protect his grandmother and a woman who suffers an unfortunate accident and becomes a detective. The two search for love

The series takes place in a contemporary alternate-history future where the country of Zodiac Dogs was ruled over by the corrupt and tyrannical Xu Cheng-tsia

Lee So-woo is a young woman who was orphan when her father was killed by a bandit. She was raised by her stepfather Kang Jung-woo

The story is told from the perspectives of three different individuals.

In the year 2018

The series takes place in China's Gobi plains. The story of a man who gets lost in the forest and finds himself on a journey to unravel a murder he has not yet committed.

An intelligent man named Ji-eun was born and raised in South Korea to a hard working class family. He went missing from his adoptive home

Cha-woo Hyun has a brain aneurysmal accident which left him unable to speak.

As a police official and a captain in the army

Yoo Joo-hee is a successful lawyer whose law firm has an established reputation for getting money for the lawyers of the law firm.

The drama tells the story of a group of four young men that form a new team and pursue their dreams of becoming a real group.

Kim Da-woo (Gong Yoo) is a police detective that works undercover in the entertainment industry as a "pusher" of women and men. One day

Kang Ye-jin is a senior at an elite high school and a genius in his field. He has a brilliant mind, so much so that his parents thought he was a genius until they found out.

The series takes place in a parallel universe of the Korean culture. After the tragic death of the late King Hae-yoo

A love story between a man who searches for the elusive "Nood" (a forbidden word in Korean culture) and a woman who searches for her lost youth. Kim Shin-ah is a woman who was abandoned by her father when she was a young girl. He tried his best to find her and bring her up but failed miserably. Soo-ah is a rich married man who works as a doctor of law. But she finds herself addicted to pills. Now she's in the market for a family member to join her in the race to be the very next member of the famous Gangheon

In his youth

Kim Eun-hye was the eldest of three daughters born to a wealthy and respected woman named Park Hyun-woo and a single mom named Shin Hye-bin. The family moved to Seoul three years ago for a better life. Now that the family is reunited

Ji Eum-hyun (Ji Yang) is an accountant. He has an undergraduate degree from the University of Texas.

Seo Young-joon (Choi Soo-won) had a nervous breakdown as a child and has never recovered from it. This is why he feels guilty to his mother and himself for leaving his father.

The story of an ordinary but intelligent woman who becomes a genius after a brain stem is transplanted in her brain. After getting a brain stem transplant from an experimental donor

Lee Yoo-joo is a married nurse practitioner whose family has been in business with medical marijuana since 1992. She is the first in her family to undergo the procedure.

As a young man

Go Yeo-ja is a former guard in the armed forces who was forced to quit

jof is currently undergoing surgery for a hernia repair after she was hit upon the head by a falling branch while she was playing with her siblings.

While her older sister is undergoing a similar operation

Voting was limited so people could vote in person via webcams

Towards the end of the series

The series follows a group of siblings and their families who live in a remote island resort

Rafael and Eliana had a falling out

Eliana and Rafael had a child together. After the child was born Eliana became pregnant and she became mad at her father for rejecting her. She then took him away to his grandmother and then took advantage of him. Her mother then found out and stopped her. Her grandmother then took the child and fled. The baby was the result of a rape. Rafael and Eliana divorced after that. Then Rafael went to work at the law firm of his younger sister Nonna and Eliana got her employment job at a company. She then moved to the other part of the island after being given a place with a company. Eliana is happy for no one and keeps things to herself

It's been over ten years! The series has not only reached new heights in Japan but also gained significant popularity in the United States thanks to it's energetic and original theme song. Kazuhiro (who plays Kuraho) had just started his acting career when Yuiko came to collect information on him and other celebrities who work with her. However, as a former high-profile businessman they had grown bored with him and his wife. Yuiko had taken great delight in watching him dance and loved seeing him dance as it's as though they were dancing in someone else's world. In the meantime, the man who took her father's place as their boss (Hirino Daichi) had a falling out with Hirino and had moved with his mom (Gokyu) to an apartment building near a mall. In an attempt to make things work at hand after seeing Hirino being bullied

The drama begins as a drama about two people who have different looks and identities. The protagonist of the story is Yuki Nogizaka (Riichi Nakai)

After being cheated out of his childhood home by his father for being unable to afford medicine he was given a new family home where he got to live a new life. He falls for his beautiful mother

After graduating from high school

The drama is about a couple who lives their life by the rules of their social class. When a new leader

This is the story of the lives of three members of a class

Somewhere in between the real world

The manga is about the life of a group of people who live in Shibuya in the 19th century: a time of luxury called 'the Rainbow Generation'. Each individual has their own struggle

Three year old Eri has a very poor relationship with his mother-in-law who is in charge of his mother's affairs. He is not allowed in his mother-in-law's home. Eri struggles on his own and tries to build a relationship with his new father-in-law who is an eccentric and wealthy businessman

The story of Shin Seikki (Choi Ji-Eun) aka "Hwang Gook 

In this dark comedy 

The story is a story of four people who work together to solve complex cases.

A love story about three people

Kim Shin (Seo Hye). A social worker known for helping widows with their problems

Gang Yeok (Jang Hyang) is a handsome and talented lawyer

Kang Mi-Joo (Jang Seok-Hwang) is a young lawyer who works in her internship at the prestigious law firm Kim Law. She and Seo Do-Hee (Choi Ah-na) love and care about each other. He's a successful lawyer who has been with the firm seven to ten years.

Goo Soo is a successful singer who moves to her mom's apartment and dreams of having a child who loves him. When her father's sister moves in with her in-laws

The drama is about a love-story between two people of the same sex (the main romantic couple) who have lived for years and have become lovers. Soon

This drama features the romance between Ji Mi-han and Kang Seo-hwan.

Lee Bae (Shin Eun-ri)

One of the most celebrated doctors in Seoul Hospital

 their endgame of a human rights campaign to stop a notorious rapist from raping a woman's mother.

The original film has an opening narration that recounts the tale of the story of a man and a young girl. One day their quest to stop another tragic fate and make it to the afterlife (by way of a secret entrance) culminates in the battle for their hearts and soul. With their lives hanging in the balance, both men go on a journey together.

Tengah has never been a great writer, his biggest hits being Love Love Love Saffron and Saffron's Last Love Dance, in which he plays four of his famous characters: the love of his life. His most noteworthy works (and no less successful) have yet to appear on the box-office radar. However, due to his high-energy, action-packed scripts and explosive plot, this franchise has never been a failure. Tengah has been nominated for the first time for the Golden Bells Award and been on the list since 2005. The award for best short-film for 2015 was announced during a panel moderated by the legendary screenwriter and director Hwang Woo-young.

Since the film's release in 1987, both Lee Sang-kye (Lee Young-hwa) and his girlfriend Seo Mi-ri (Tae Tae-hwan) share the moment of being hit by a passing car and lose their lives. The love story was shot on location in Seoul's Kwanghaei District; it is set in a Hong Kong-style gaijin (literally Chinese for "little world") called the "Kwanghaei Special Forces Unit" for protecting sensitive targets. Lee Young-hwa was in the police force for five years, earning a lot of credit and being called "the detective of the millennium" by the tabloids. As an officer of the unit, Lee Sang-kye (Song Tae-ri) and Seo Mi-ri (Park So-ri) met, became close, and then both were killed in the line of duty shortly prior to the events in the film.

Lee Sang-kye (Lee Jung-ah) and Kim Young-joo (Kim Bae-joo) were once very good friends. During middle childhood Lee Young-joo was a quiet but sweet young man with no experience in the business. He was the subject of Lee Young-joo's mother's jealous ire, which led to the two losing their best friend in the act of cheating. In the middle of the road, Kim Young-joo was hit and died instantly. A few days later Lee Young-joo's mother was unable to pay the divorce settlement she just made and he died. He was born with his brother in Hong Kong's Kaesol Hospital and grew up at Hojinghoo with his mother.

The following year, the family move to the city of Dongsan (the name of one of Lee Young-joo's favorite places) to work at an office at the Royal Court Palace. The first of many difficulties for the children arises on the eve of their move from a very poor rural village to the new luxury apartment building. Lee Young-joo can't stand being apart, so he takes up photography to make a living. It is then that Lee Young-joo begins to realize that he is not only capable of taking pictures but equally capable of making a living. One day on the front porch, Lee Young-joo falls asleep. When he wakes up the next morning, he finds a young woman asleep, who is looking at him on her iPhone.

The two people who met in their first meeting have grown to trust each other and become extremely close. On the day he meets her, a woman at the Royal Court Palace takes his hand and says he can bring her a dish of white bean curd and she answers Lee Young-joo's phone; after Lee Yong-sook leaves the house the man who brought her the dish says sorry that she cannot answer his phone because the phone service has been hacked. After asking the man to fix the service and giving him the dish, Lee Young-joo and the woman become friends and eventually marry.

The story centers around a man who becomes entangled in his life. The man has no real interest in his past and tries to move forward with the rest of the world. When he gets his information from a third party, the woman, who works as a social worker at a restaurant called Bar Bago-Go (Korean: Bago-Sokkyung) in Bar Bago-Go's parking lot, has a very different understanding of his past and how it has impacted and affected him.

The series follows two families in a drama about a group of young people whose love is to their partners. The story is set in the present day at an apartment complex in Shinjuku, the city famous for its fast-

"I love to cook," explains Shao Ming-hee. An engineer with three wives and a three-year-old daughter under his care, he has never taken an interest in politics, especially not that of young politician Kwon Eun-yeol.

Kwon was forced to flee her family back in 2007 after an illegal nuclear energy plant exploded. But her only son who is a senior bureaucrat, she cannot bear the thought of her past and her second daughter. When her marriage fell apart due to her son's suicide (both were killed in the explosion), she and her son and daughter lived in a house belonging to the former wife, whom she had taken into her second wife's arms. After she retired in March 2008, she sought refuge in the home of an orphan girl, with the sole child to be hers.

The young woman, who suffers from mental illness, becomes deeply enmeshed in the life of a wealthy businessman who makes a fortune with the nuclear reactors he sets up in the South of Bong-joo. The three young women spend a large amount of time together at their home, where they meet a young man named Jung Woo (Moon Jung) who she marries. He's one of the "old married people" who comes from a humble background to the wealthy elite in the form of Choi Yoo (Song Yong) and her daughter, who's a college student, respectively. As the story unfolds through the women's eyes, it is revealed that he is part of a large network of underground financiers.

For decades, the three women struggle to get a foothold in the society, their only means of survival. They are the only one who can keep the peace between parents and children. Their friendship soon falls apart when one day, the youngest brother, Jin Yong-hyon (Gang-Wook) meets his mother on the street. As he follows his mother's murder, he comes to believe that his mother is one of the culprits responsible. After discovering the identities of the three suspects, which the two sets of killers were known to each other but did not publicly report them.

When the woman was just 12 years old, she was given over to a woman that claimed the family fortune, which allowed her to be married off. However, the latter would soon betray her husband. At the age of 14, after being forced into marriage, Joon-hee, Jin-hee's aunt and her son's first wife, dies.

On his way to the West Bank, Kang Jae-min (Lee Ki-yong) and her daughter, Son-hee (Cho Eun-jung) fall for the same man. It is revealed that Son-hee went to live with her aunt in the United States after her uncle was murdered in Hong-pong (A restaurant owner and his lover) and Son-hee is the main target of a mob that tries to kill everyone. The three people who die as a result of the gun battle are her mother and son-in-law.

Son-hee is a single mother who lives alone with her twin son, a handsome, successful man. But he is a child of a wealthy family. She is determined to find a way to repay for the debt he incurred by the Japanese government. In a similar vein, Lee Jung-eun (Kim Won-hee) was a police officer in prison under Kwok of the North Korea government.

Kim Yoo-hee (Kim Young-eong) was the youngest child of a wealthy industrialist who was sentenced to death for smuggling. She was an only child when she and her family were evicted from their home in North Korea after their employer lost his fortune. After being separated from her parents, the young man and his sister, Kim Sun-hee (Kim Soo-young) flee to the UK. In the aftermath of a riot in South Hamhung, the families that were loyal to the late Kim Kyung-jin (Jo Jae-hye) in their struggle to reentrant and reclaim the land.

In the novel (the film version of which features some foreign characters as well as a Korean protagonist) a former high-profile actress turns to a wealthy widow in a way that would otherwise cause her to turn to stone. The former actress and two-time Olympic figure skater, Han Myung-jin (Kim Hong-jin) returns from the dead. She joins a group of young women to find a young boy to whom she cares deeply. The young boy who she turns to after her heart is fractured by the loss of her father. Their first meeting is tense and the young lovers become intimate. He is a boy known for his good sense, cunning and ruthlessness.

The story revolves around two lovers that get married in a row. The wife who was a school girl becomes a widower and the girl's